Resting energy expenditure in patients with pancreatitis.
 OBJECTIVE: To assess the resting energy expenditure of hospitalized patients with pancreatitis.
 DESIGN: Prospective, case-referent study.
 SETTING: Nutrition support service in a university tertiary care hospital.
 PATIENTS: Patients referred to the Nutrition Support Service with the diagnosis of pancreatitis.
 Excluded from study entry included those with cancer, obesity (greater than 150% ideal body weight), those measured within 3 postoperative days, or patients requiring ventilator support with an FIO2 of greater than 0.5.
 Forty-eight patients with either acute pancreatitis (n = 13), chronic pancreatitis (n = 24), acute pancreatitis with sepsis (n = 7), or chronic pancreatitis with sepsis (n = 7) were studied.
 The two septic groups were combined into a single pancreatitis-with-sepsis group, since no significant differences among measured variables were observed between individual septic groups.
 INTERVENTIONS: None.
 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Resting energy expenditure was measured by indirect calorimetry and compared with the predicted energy expenditure, as determined by the Harris-Benedict equations.
 Resting energy expenditure (percent of predicted energy expenditure) was significantly (p less than .02) greater for patients with pancreatitis complicated by sepsis (120 +/- 11%) compared with the nonseptic chronic pancreatitis group (105 +/- 14%).
 Resting energy expenditure for the nonseptic acute pancreatitis patients (112 +/- 17%) was not significantly different from the other groups.
 The septic pancreatitis group had the largest percentage (82%) of hypermetabolic (resting energy expenditure greater than 110% of predicted energy expenditure) patients, whereas 61% and 33% of the acute and chronic pancreatitis groups were hypermetabolic, respectively (p less than .02).
 CONCLUSIONS: Resting energy expenditure is variable in patients with pancreatitis (77% to 139% of predicted energy expenditure).
 The Harris-Benedict equations are an unreliable estimate of caloric expenditure.
 Septic complications are associated with hypermetabolism and may be the most important factor influencing resting energy expenditure in pancreatitis patients.
