Pulmonary dysfunction in surgical conditions of the newborn infant.
 OBJECTIVE: To describe the pathophysiology of surgical conditions that are associated with respiratory insufficiency in the newborn infant.
 DESIGN: Survey.
 SETTING: Newborn ICU in a children's hospital.
 PATIENTS: Twenty-four newborn infants (1 to 28 days old) who required endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation for operative procedures or postoperative ventilatory support.
 INTERVENTIONS: Flow-volume curves obtained by manual inflation of the lungs, followed by forced deflation by negative pressure, and by passive expiration, under sedation and pharmacologic paralysis.
 MEASUREMENTS: Deflation flow-volume curves and passive expiratory curves were measured.
 Pulmonary function testing before and after bronchodilator administration (n = 11) began midway during the study period.
 Term and preterm groups served as controls.
 MAIN RESULTS: Forced vital capacity (FVC) was decreased in all groups with surgical disease as follows: abdominal wall defects and necrotizing enterocolitis groups to 48.3% and 62.1% that of preterm, respectively; pulmonary hypoplasia group to 55.5% that of term (p less than .05).
 Maximal expiratory flow at 25% of FVC decreased in all groups: abdominal wall defects and necrotizing enterocolitis group, to 36.8% and 37.9% that of preterm, respectively (p less than .05); pulmonary hypoplasia group, 20.0% that of term (p less than .05).
 The ratio of maximal expiratory flow at 25% of FVC divided by FVC was significantly decreased in necrotizing enterocolitis and pulmonary hypoplasia groups compared with that of preterm and term groups, respectively, but not in the abdominal wall defects group.
 Maximal expiratory flow at 25% of FVC, but not FVC, increased significantly (36%, p less than .05) after bronchodilator nebulization, indicating the presence of airway reactivity.
 Respiratory system compliance was decreased significantly (p less than .05) in all surgical disease groups compared with the term group.
 CONCLUSIONS: Bronchial reactivity contributes to decreased maximal expiratory flow at 25% of FVC, a feature also seen in premature infants with respiratory distress syndrome who later develop bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
 Babies who require chronic ventilatory support after operation and who have developed reactive airways may benefit from the administration of bronchodilators during postoperative ventilatory management.
