does anyone know how to cover the kitchen counter top without replacing the whole thing my kitchen countertop has been painted over and wall papered by the privious tentnts and know i want to know how we can make it nice without replacing the whole thing i tried painting it again but when it gets wet the paint comes off and the wallpaper does the same thing so if you have any sugesttions please let me know you can put laminate with a new pattern over the old laminate here is a link to a book by a professional countertop maker who has a chapter on this exact topic book can be found in library or on amazon http worldcat org wcpa ow e da ef cda afeb da e html Best Buy Are You Being Served? Happy Tree Friends Red Hot Chili Peppers Blood on the Tracks The Ashlee Simpson Show Spider-Man Time Out of Mind Married... with Children Avenue Q Blood film Blonde on Blonde Self Portrait Erik Satie Hey Jude Foo Fighters Taxi Driver Coldplay Shining Time Station The Emancipation of Mimi Kurt Cobain Staining (biology) Santa Claus Shit Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Invader Zim The Beach Boys Hydrogen vehicle Fan service Dave Grohl Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Suicide methods Bat Boy Jon Secada Monocyte Smile (album) Tag Late Night with Conan O'Brien Anemia Richard Chase The Inside Written Cantonese Fiddler on the Roof Friends Shaggy dog story Stuff (magazine) Steven Wright Cosmo Kramer Social rule Venom (comics) Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Reservoir Dogs George Carlin Marilyn Monroe Sunflower (album) Scarlet's Walk Smear campaign Russian joke True Crime: Streets of LA Neighbours Extraterrestrial life Superman Pulp Fiction Grandview, U.S.A. Bradley Nowell Metal Gear Solid 2: Substance Malaria AC/DC O. J. Simpson The Big Goodbye (TNG episode) 50 First Dates Marching band Musical works of Mozart EastEnders Pregnancy fetishism David Hume The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Shot of Love Good Times McFly Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Douglas Adams Louis Armstrong I, the Jury Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band George Galloway Mosquito Histology Mojave people James T. Aubrey, Jr. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Superfund Blood Simple Great Teacher Onizuka Characters of Naruto West Memphis 3 L.A. Guns Indian English Randy Steven Kraft War of the Worlds (2005 film) 