does anyone know any goood games for nintendo ds well im a yearold girl turning in days i have a ds lite and i need to know if theres anygood games out there for me i have animal crossing mostly all mario games princess peach yoshi island cooking mama mystey detective and alot more on my supercard any other good ones oh and do they have trauma centre in english same with nana live staff spiderman has a rating Mario series enemies Super Mario Bros. television series Luigi Mario Super Mario World Super Mario remake series Princess Peach Bowser Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Koji Kondo Mario Party series Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Yoshi's Safari Super Mario Bros. 2 Toad (Nintendo) Yoshi Mario Superstar Baseball Super Mario All-Stars Super Mario 64 Nintendo DS Mario Party Mario Kart 64 Super Mario Kart Koopa Kid Wart (Nintendo) Mario Golf Mario Kart Super Circuit Birdo Super Mario Bros. 3 Mario Kart DS Goomba Wario Lakitu Mario Party 4 Mushroom Kingdom E-Reader Super Smash Bros. Melee Video game character Yoshi's Story Doki Doki Panic Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Super Smash Bros. Mario Party Advance The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Super Mario Strikers Princess Daisy Mario Party 7 Yoshi Touch & Go Nintendo Power Nintendo GameCube Super Mario Bros. Super Nintendo Entertainment System Nintendo Mario Party 6 Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Game & Watch Gallery Mario Party 3 Bish__jo game Tetris Attack Mario Party 2 Kamek Donkey Kong Mario Kart Shigeru Miyamoto Spider-Man Super Mario 128 Nintendo Comics System Hammer Brothers Animal Crossing Game Freak Pauline Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes Intelligent Systems Super Princess Peach Computer and video games Captain Syrup Koopa Troopa Mario Bros. Dr. Mario 64 The Legend of Zelda series Platform game Poochy Wrecking Crew Nintendo Entertainment System Mario Pinball Land The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker Game Boy Advance Mario Is Missing! Animal Crossing: Wild World Toadette Ice Climber Sonic the Hedgehog Professor E. Gadd King Toadstool 