what's soooo great about the limited addition sidekick people think it's soooo great but i just got one not complaining today and i have to wait hours before i use it i absolutely love my sidekick but why does it have to be a limited addition you know the one that's white and beige i liked it because it looks more pretty than the other sidekick and stuff and my mom got it for me don't get me wrong i absolutely love it k i just wish i could text people now that i have it but i have to wait hours because of the colors specified i'm thinking you have the d wade edition you are so lucky i got the regular sk i love it but yours is so much better also no you dont have to wait that long it will only take about hours max they told me the same thing lol Kim Possible The Cure The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Time Out of Mind The Inside Calvin and Hobbes Sidekick KaBlam! Theory of conduct Shaggy dog story God Tina Turner AFI 100 Years series RuneScape quests Stock character I Want to Hold Your Hand Deftones My Little Pony 10cc Ben Johnson (athlete) Peter Cook Humphrey Bogart Social rule Hey Jude The Strangerhood Max Martin Jennifer Lopez Mr. and Mrs. Turner Evil Timmy Turner Theodicy The Adventures of Pete & Pete Ontological argument Totally Spies! Dial M for Murder Laura Schlessinger The Amazing Race Great Teacher Onizuka Futurama (TV series - season 2) Max Stirner The Incredibles Discordianism Weebl and Bob Married... with Children Danger Hiptop Garfield U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes B3ta Novel The Price Is Right Operation Market Garden Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Pure Pwnage The Fairly OddParents Doug Reggie White Live at Max's Kansas City Abortion debate Rugrats Collateral (film) Mancow Bomberman She Loves You Zhao Yun Jon Secada Atomic Kitten Lauren Bacall Dick Tracy Arthur Machen Blonde on Blonde The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) XML Friends Samurai Deeper Kyo Final V.U. 1971-1973 Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Can't Hardly Wait Recurring South Park characters Neighbours 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Grandview, U.S.A. Treehouse of Horror V The Marriage of Figaro Neopets Whodunit Phoebe Buffay's songs Guinea pig Martin Luther Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne Care Bears Robin (comics) Malcolm in the Middle Nine Inch Nails Gothic metal Di Gi Charat Lucky (character) Legend of Mana Dance Dance Revolution 