help with middle names for a boy and girl my boys name will be christian dean or christian aldean after grandpa which one sounds the best abd the girl is sydney nicole ruth after my mom or sydney faye ruth after grandma too i like the middle name nicole let me know the ones i should go with thanks go with dean and nicole in my opinion cool t hat you have options even though you are naming them after family Hey Arnold! The Beach Boys The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy North Sydney Girls High School Moulin Rouge! Recurring South Park characters Good Charlotte Doug Malcolm in the Middle United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics Anna Nicole Smith The Lovely Bones Teen Girl Squad Unisex name Westminster School All My Children Academy Award for Best Art Direction Cranbrook School Sydney Missy Elliott Nicole C. Mullen Family First Party Timbaland Mr. and Mrs. Turner Gimme a Break! The Lost Boys Hollyoaks AFI 100 Years series SpongeBob SquarePants Stage name Rugrats The Sound of Music E! True Hollywood Story Minor characters in Sonic the Hedgehog Nicole Brown Simpson Eric Cartman Nicolas Oresme O. J. Simpson Geelong Grammar School Arabic name Australian English Sounds of Summer: The Very Best of The Beach Boys College of Cardinals WWE No Mercy Seven Brides for Seven Brothers Death (South Park episode) Paris Hilton Naomi Watts Duran Duran Brentwood, Los Angeles, California Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics Lower North Shore (Sydney) Phoebe Buffay's songs Barbie North Sydney, New South Wales Apostrophe (mark) John Lindsay Duluth, Minnesota Caillou Magical Pok__mon Journey I Love the 80s 3-D Boy Meets World Given name The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Ron and Fez Ontario general election, 1990 MADtv recurring characters Ruth Handler Gwen Stefani MacArthur Foundation Pin-up girl Stratemeyer Syndicate Mike Love Lifetime Movie Network Gwen Verdon The Smurfs The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius Little Britain Australia at the 2004 Summer Olympics Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies Book of Ruth United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics Sydney Anglicans Salad Fingers Hogwarts Houses Cloris Leachman Survivor Series Lacey Chabert 2000s Nina Sky Even Stevens Columbo Mnemonic Scott Storch The Kids in the Hall Gryffindors in Harry Potter's year Garfield The Sydney Morning Herald 