will leicester do the double again this season or the treble or nothing new coach loss of some influential players and more players out with the world cup then the six nations it's a hell of a lot to contend with but they have great strength in depth i hope so they will set out to win everything and with tigers that is certainly possible Leicester Tigers Bristol Rugby FA Cup Cork City F.C. Rangers F.C. 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Crystal Palace F.C. Kevin Keegan UEFA Champions League Guinness Premiership Hamilton Tigers Heineken Cup Norway national football team Bryan Robson Blackburn Rovers F.C. Leicester City F.C. Los Angeles Kings Celtic F.C. Cincinnati Bengals West Bromwich Albion F.C. Toronto Blue Jays Stanley Cup Germany national football team Vancouver Canucks Roger Federer Alex Ferguson Everton F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Tiger Woods Davis Cup Dick Advocaat Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Newcastle United F.C. World Series Aston Villa F.C. Philadelphia 76ers Manchester United F.C. Alan Hansen Brian Little (footballer) New York Giants Andre Agassi Kenny Dalglish Steve Nash Playoff Dick Williams Portsmouth F.C. Dean Richards Peter Shilton Neil Back David Beckham Quebec Bulldogs Detroit Tigers Gary Stevens Ottawa Senators FA Premier League 2003-04 Montreal Canadiens Gustavo Kuerten Ulster Rugby Philadelphia Flyers FA Premier League 1993-94 Allan Clarke (footballer) John McEnroe Sven-G__ran Eriksson Washington Capitals Paul Ince Bundesliga (football) Brazil national football team Atlanta Thrashers Real Madrid Justine Henin-Hardenne Kansas City Chiefs Maccabi Haifa F.C. New York Knicks National Hockey League All-Star Game Terry McDermott Manchester United 1986-1999 Troms__ I.L. FC Rostov New York Yankees Bowl Championship Series Philadelphia Phillies Indian cricket team Boston Bruins Seattle Mariners The Double Ty Cobb France national football team Alan Shearer Major League Baseball All-Star Game Chicago Blackhawks Sports timeline FA Premier League 1997-98 Wales national rugby union team Bath Rugby Rugby union Qu__bec Nordiques Detroit Red Wings Damon Allen Playoff format Iron Bowl 