where do i begin to file lawsuit i spoke with the company to no avail when asked for corporate contact info i was told i was speaking to the corporate hq for south carolina i was a sured a corporate mgr would get back to me but instead a guy was at my door the next day wanting or they would disconnect my services i told him fine disconnect because i am looking into filing a wrongful and illegal lawsuit contact and attorney Tom DeLay Enron Corporation W. Mark Felt Tort reform Class action Branch Davidian Best Buy Plame affair Columbine High School massacre Abortion debate Ronnie Earle Eliot Spitzer SCO-Linux controversies BitTorrent Knots Landing Google United Airlines 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Timeline of the Enron scandal The Star Wars Holiday Special Wal-Mart Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Apple Computer Windows XP Bernard Ebbers Rosa Parks Charles Graner Lawsuit Business ethics Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Cornelia Rau Napster Plame affair timeline Trademark Paula Jones Palm OS Conspiracy ACORN John Edwards ITunes Music Store Scientology controversy Florida Central Voter File Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Wyatt Earp Telephone exchange Jack Thompson Sin City Rainey Bethea Michael Milken Raytheon File sharing MCI Bell System 2001: A Space Odyssey (novel) Citigroup WebEx Clear Channel Communications Episodes of Lost (Season 2) 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner AMD Scientology and the legal system George Wallace Dred Scott v. Sandford RuneScape quests Avenue Q Michael D. Brown Software patent debate Moss v. Bush 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Anti-Defamation League Watergate scandal Dakota, Minnesota and Eastern Railroad Asbestos Hulk Hogan Halliburton Bruce Johnson Monsanto Fred Phelps Gmail Max Payne Prior restraint Sherman Antitrust Act The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Intel Same-sex marriage in the United States Qwest MAME Same-sex marriage in New York Krispy Kreme Joseph C. Wilson Karl Rove Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda Supreme Court of the United States Boom Town (Doctor Who) Nike, Inc. Corporate personhood 