do gay people ever vote for republicans it was said that an estimated gay people voted for bush in i have voted for republicans before if they were the best candidate for the job there have been republicans i have thought highly of i e olympia snowe sue collins u s senators maine former massachusetts governor william weld and former rhode island senator lincoln chaffee they are all fiscally conservative and socially moderate a truly dying breed after the bush regime and the near takeover of the party by the christian right wing i am literally appalled by the republican party now great question Republican Party (United States) Olympia Snowe U.S. presidential election, 2004 Maine Barry Goldwater Republican In Name Only U.S. presidential election, 2008 U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Norm Coleman Nuclear option (filibuster) Gang of 14 Conservative Democrat Republican National Convention Lincoln Chafee Massachusetts Susan Collins George W. Bush Rhode Island John McCain Robert Byrd Bill Clinton U.S. Senate election, 2006 Ohio Republican Party Same-sex marriage in the United States Mitt Romney John Kerry U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 U.S. presidential election, 1980 U.S. presidential election, 2000 Howard Dean Russ Feingold Vice President of the United States U.S. Senate election, 2004 Michael Dukakis 2004 Republican National Convention Zell Miller Christine Gregoire Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 U.S. House election, 2006 2004 Democratic National Convention Rockefeller Republican Hillary Rodham Clinton Third party (United States) Gay rights Jean Schmidt Conservative Party (UK) U.S. presidential election, 1964 Family First Party Bush Supreme Court candidates Barbara Boxer John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Reform Party of the United States of America Log Cabin Republicans U.S. presidential election, 1988 Federal Marriage Amendment Bernie Sanders George Pataki United States Senate United States House of Representatives New Hampshire William Weld Southern strategy Robert Patrick Casey, Jr. Bowdoin College Irish Republicanism Democrat In Name Only Alabama Club for Growth Bill Frist Blue Dog Democrats Australian republicanism George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 Evan Bayh Alan Keyes Conservative Party of Canada Ronald Reagan Rick Santorum Ben Nelson U.S. presidential election debates Ninety-sixth United States Congress Paul Hackett Sinn F__in Arizona U.S. presidential election, 1992 Alaska Colin Powell Karl Rove Ted Kennedy Southern Democrats Reform Party of Canada Ken Blackwell Nebraska Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Frank Rizzo U.S. Electoral College 