is anybody beginning to rate the roosters well im a roosters fan so it may seem biased but i think its got truth to it the roosters have been the form team over the last weeks alongside manly so now the roosters are one point out of the with the titans the panthers and the rabbitohs ahead on form this should be wins its possible to finish in the top however unlikely it is the bulldogs and the broncs both have a pretty tough run home and its extremely possible on or both will miss the all together so does anyone else rate the roosters chances of firstly making the secondly progressing past the first round of finals and finally having an impact on the finals rather than making up the numbers mhm winning well 'not losing' back to back golden point freddy taking over has done wonders i reckon they're quite a good chance at making the top after that it'll depend on the draw but i think they can go past the first round of finals and then after that not so sure i'm unsure as to what you mean by 'impact' on the finals the roosters have already shown that they have the potential to beat the storm so they do have the potential to shake up the series as to making up the numbers they're eight other teams who would play their hearts out if they got a finals start my two cents anyway i'm glad it turned out alright for the roosters this year being their centenery year and all hm National Rugby League South Sydney Rabbitohs Canterbury Bulldogs Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Carolina Panthers Penrith Panthers Norway national football team New York Giants Buffalo Bills New England Patriots Alex Ferguson The Contender (television series) Houston Rockets October 2004 in sports 2005 English cricket season New York Knicks R.S.C. Anderlecht Cleveland Browns ELO rating system Playoff Pittsburgh Steelers Newcastle United F.C. Cincinnati Bengals New South Wales Rugby League FA Cup International League Steve Nash National Football League Lore Miami Dolphins Poker jargon FIDE World Chess Championship 2004 Bowl Championship Series Los Angeles Kings Portsmouth F.C. 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup December 2004 in sports Ken Jennings Tour de France Chris Amon Crystal Palace F.C. Troms__ I.L. Toronto Blue Jays World Chess Championship West Bromwich Albion F.C. Steffi Graf 2000 Australian Grand Prix Roger Federer Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Peter Shilton Tag Bundesliga (football) Pete Sampras English cricket team Blackburn Rovers F.C. IFK G__teborg Cleveland Indians West Ham United F.C. Ravi Shastri Andre Agassi Big Brother (USA TV series) Terry Taylor West Indian cricket team History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Shawn Michaels Super Bowl XXXIV Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Playoff format Torquay United F.C. Super Bowl Mario Lemieux Ecuador national football team Chicago White Sox Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Bryan Robson International cricket in 2005 1957 World Series Super League (Australia) NCAA football bowl games, 2004-05 The Amazing Race The Joker's Wild World Series England national football team Bobby Charlton Professional wrestling throws Baltimore Ravens 2005 NBA Finals Super Bowl XXXVIII Los Angeles Clippers Anatoly Karpov 2004 IAAF World Indoor Championships Leeds United F.C. Ra (board game) Gordon Banks Chicago Blackhawks 