period well my first period came in march n lasted for days n my second period came months later in may n lasted for lyk daysish n its been lyk months n i still havent gotten my third period is there something wrong hun there aint a thing wrong with you its only been a couple months and you will be irregular for a while a couple years at the most but usually girls are irregular for about a year and a half the only reason you would have to worry is if you were a naughty girl and now your preggers i personally wouldn't be worried about it but if is really drivin you nuts i would talk to mom about it or your doctor take care Pregnancy Social rule Infantilism Jon Secada Philosophical skepticism Spice Girls Julian calendar Ken Chu Theory of conduct Kodocha Fertility awareness Earth Girl Arjuna Humphrey Bogart Big Brother UK series 6 Puberty Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Terri Schiavo Phoebe Halliwell Variable star Marilyn Monroe Stomach cancer Blood on the Tracks Laura Schlessinger Friends Transsexuality Hebrew calendar Cindy Sheehan AFI 100 Years series Coupling (TV series) Jade Emperor English grammar Martin Luther King, Jr. Garfield Poker jargon Pedophilia Month Child sexuality Ben Johnson (athlete) Menstrual cup Boom Town (Doctor Who) Hubert Selby Jr. Married... with Children S.H.E Silent Night, Deadly Night Fiddler on the Roof Jam (TV series) TLC Leasehold estate Pok__mon Live! Father's Day (Doctor Who) Days of our Lives Physician Milton H. Erickson Korean War The Adventures of Pete & Pete AIR (game) Shaggy dog story Computus Kurt Cobain A Series of Unfortunate Events 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Le Malade imaginaire Abortion debate Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Mr. and Mrs. Turner U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Urinary incontinence Little Britain Time Childbirth Roman calendar Practices of Jehovah's Witnesses Barbi Benton Apollo 8 That '70s Show Hey Jude Mars Exploration Rover ROC presidential election, 2004 Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Ethics Malwa Transylvania KaBlam! 1948 Arab-Israeli War Blonde on Blonde Saint Nicholas Surveillance Coming of age United Kingdom corporation tax Galaxy Angel The Den (television) House of M Zhao Yun Singlish Rocket Power The Fairly OddParents All Summer Long Education in Germany Yin Shun Stewie Griffin 