Metabolic considerations in hypertension.
 The frequent concurrence of other cardiovascular risk factors in hypertensive patients, such as obesity and diabetes mellitus, suggests that overlapping genetic and environmental factors may contribute to the common metabolic and cardiovascular derangements observed in these populations.
 Hypertension and hyperglycemia accelerate atherosclerosis in diabetics, and play an important role in associated morbidity and mortality.
 Several abnormalities in blood pressure regulatory systems such as the renin-angiotensin system, the sympathetic nervous system, and sodium/volume control have been described in diabetes mellitus.
 Sodium retention and cardiovascular hyperreactivity appear to occur early in the course of diabetes mellitus, even at normal blood pressure levels and before onset of renal failure, and could set the stage for the development of hypertension.
 The relationship between obesity and hypertension is also well-established, and may reflect metabolic and cardiovascular adaptations in obese subjects which predispose to blood pressure elevations.
 Obese subjects display changes in sympathetic nervous system activity, sodium metabolism, and vascular hemodynamics.
 Sodium-sensitive blood pressure responses in the obese may be secondary to increased cardiac output or fluid volume, and are directly related to circulating insulin levels.
 Certain metabolic and vascular characteristics of obesity and diabetes mellitus are found in patients with essential hypertension.
 It has been suggested that insulin and insulin resistance may be the common link between these risk factors.
 Improved understanding of metabolic considerations in the treatment of obese and diabetic hypertensives should lead to more careful selection of medications that avoid metabolic complications.
 Although diuretics and beta-blockers may be useful in some patients, there are several reasons not to recommend their use as initial therapy in obese and diabetic hypertensives.
 On the other hand, calcium channel blockers and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors are highly effective, with minimal effects on metabolic parameters, and are well-suited as first-line therapy in the treatment of obese and diabetic hypertensives.
