what's the nicest thing your child's teacher ever did for you or your child as the new school year begins i would like to know specific things that parents and students need from teachers well i don't have a nice teacher story for my child but i have one for my sister one year my sister was supposed to go on a field trip and had to be at school at am when my mom went to drive her to school the car wouldn't start my mom called the school to let them know that my sister wouldn't be able to attend my sister's teacher actually came to the house and gave her a ride to school so she wouldn't miss the field trip funny enough this teacher was my principal many years ago my sister and i are years apart and i have a nice principal story for him too i was playing during recess and stepped in a hole twisting my ankle pretty badly the principal came to check on me in the nurse's office called my mom to come get me and carried all my stuff out to the car when she got there even though my mom was perfectly capable of doing it i didn't have much stuff it was elementary school so he was a pretty great guy to have around in a pinch i think he still subs at the high school Shaggy dog story Teacher The Adventures of Pete & Pete Azumanga Daioh Great Teacher Onizuka Doug Kodocha The Fairly OddParents Primary education Recurring South Park characters Negima Guinevere Jones Okashina Okashi Grandview, U.S.A. Humphrey Bogart Reservoir Dogs The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Satchel Paige Recess (TV series) Springfield Elementary School Miami-Dade County Public Schools My Life as a Teenage Robot Joke Calvin and Hobbes No Child Left Behind Act Education in Germany Teacher's Pet (Disney) The Catcher in the Rye Daria Kim Possible Late Night with Conan O'Brien I Am Furious Yellow The dozens Hey Arnold! Poker jargon Friends Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu Teachers (film) 2000 Australian Grand Prix Ferris Bueller's Day Off Bristol Grammar School Tag The Inside Drag racing Shit Ocean's Twelve Futurama (TV series - season 2) Self Portrait Kurt Cobain Russian joke Education Solomon Keal Education in Japan Plame affair timeline EastEnders Education in South Korea Theory of conduct Neighbours 1957 World Series AFI 100 Years series Bart chalkboard gags Pok__mon Live! That '70s Show Philosophical skepticism Mr. and Mrs. Turner Milton H. Erickson Thai royal and noble titles Education in Romania Beavis and Butt-head George Costanza Sharon Tate Brown v. Board of Education Education in the United States Jackass: The Movie Time Out of Mind Propaedeutic value of Esperanto Johns Hopkins University The League of Gentlemen (comedy) E.L.E.C.T.I.O.N.S. Good Morning, Vietnam Boston Public Moms Mabley Kindergarten One Tree Hill (TV series) Spidey Super Stories Charter school KaBlam! Buddy Guy Laura Schlessinger Irish syntax The Ashlee Simpson Show Danish Folkeskole Education Rich Mullins Dexter's Laboratory Charmed Major League Baseball television contracts Ernest Harmon Air Force Base Murdock-Portal Elementary School 