why dwyane wade why he appear in so many main event that are not related to the nba sometime they invite him but mostly they don't is he try to tell the world something by appearing in the events i think he try to say hey look at me people i'm dwyane wade and i'm the best that's how i look at it no the nba is just using him to make more money Minnesota Timberwolves Golden State Warriors Toronto Raptors Los Angeles Clippers Utah Jazz Chicago Bulls New York Knicks Orlando Magic National Football League Houston Rockets NBA Finals Western Hockey League Buffalo Sabres New Jersey Nets Minnesota Vikings Indiana Pacers Aston Villa F.C. Los Angeles Kings Marco van Basten NBA Draft Mario Lemieux Cleveland Indians Mark Calaway Football (soccer) 1986 NBA Draft Penny Hardaway Tag Cleveland Cavaliers December 2004 in sports Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics Wilt Chamberlain Austin Peay State University Cincinnati Bengals San Antonio Spurs Aiden Shaw John Elway Ultimate (sport) Hartford Whalers Scotland national rugby union team Ian Wright Bryan Robson Wayne Gretzky Crystal Palace F.C. Rugby league All-Star Futures Game Ipswich Town F.C. Cincinnati Reds Arizona State University Baltimore Ravens New York Giants Denis Law West Ham United F.C. Rugby union Everton F.C. RuneScape locations Super Bowl XXVII New England Patriots San Francisco 49ers Manchester United F.C. Water polo Claudio Ranieri WrestleMania X8 Cliff Robinson (basketball player born 1966) Leeds United F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. UEFA Champions League Gaelic football Super Bowl X Brian Close Harry Wright New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets Minor league baseball Damon Allen Carolina Panthers Super Bowl XXIV American football Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Blade Thompson Qu__bec Nordiques Baseball Pittsburgh Steelers National Basketball Association The Football League Super Bowl XXVI History of Arsenal F.C. Pittsburgh Penguins International League FC Rostov Croquet 1973 NHL Amateur Draft Alex Rodriguez Monty Hall problem FA Cup Troy Glaus Unreal June 8 in baseball General Hospital Age of Mythology Bobby Charlton John Aldridge 