Combined hepatic and renal transplantation in primary hyperoxaluria type I: clinical report of nine cases.
 PURPOSE AND PATIENTS AND METHODS: The purpose of this article is to report the experience of three centers with combined hepatic and renal transplantation for pyridoxine-resistant primary hyperoxaluria type I (alanine:glyoxylate aminotransferase [EC 2.6.1.44] deficiency), with particular emphasis on the selection criteria and timing of the operation.
 Nine patients with this inherited disease were treated by combined hepatic and renal transplantation.
 The former replaces the enzyme-deficient organ while the latter replaces the functionally affected organ.
 RESULTS: One patient with gross systemic oxalosis died in the immediate postoperative period and another died 8 weeks postoperatively of a generalized cytomegalovirus infection, having shown evidence of biochemical correction.
 One patient with particularly severe osteodystrophy at the time of the operation died 14 months postoperatively from renal failure due to progressive calcium oxalate nephrocalcinosis involving the transplanted kidney, plus thromboembolic disease.
 He also had very extensive systemic oxalosis.
 An additional patient with severe osteodystrophy died 9 months postoperatively.
 One patient developed hyper-rejection of the kidney and died later of gastrointestinal hemorrhage.
 The four long-term survivors (22 to 38 months) have remained asymptomatic from the standpoint of their renal disease, with resolution of any manifestations of systemic oxalosis that they may have had.
 They are either employed or continuing their education.
 CONCLUSIONS: A prolonged period of end-stage renal failure treated by dialysis regimens that are suitable for non-hyperoxaluric renal failure and extensive systemic oxalosis, particularly oxalotic osteodystrophy, are poor prognostic features.
 We propose that hepatic transplantation should be considered as definitive treatment before end-stage renal failure develops.
 This should be supplemented by renal transplantation with vigorous pre- and perioperative hemodialysis to deplete the body stores of oxalate.
 Although some authorities would reserve hepatic transplantation for patients in whom renal transplantation has failed, we suggest that combined liver and kidney transplantation is appropriate in patients who have never had a renal graft.
 Furthermore, the time has come to consider hepatic transplantation before any irreversible renal damage has occurred in these patients.
