if my brother had a teacher hey i need to know if my brother had a teacher named mr reed does should i get him too i really want him no one's going to know on here just call the school and maybe they can tell them and ask Teacher Doug Cardcaptor Sakura Hey Arnold! The Adventures of Pete & Pete The Chemical Brothers The Bash Street Kids Apostle Erfurt spree killing Christian Brothers University Another View Nichiren Lisa Simpson Thomas Brackett Reed Marist College Kindergarten Cop Middle school Jean-Baptiste de la Salle The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Peel Slowly and See Private school Live MCMXCIII Super Mario Bros. television series Teachers (film) The Velvet Underground Henry Reed As Told By Ginger Citigroup Cab Calloway College Brown v. Board of Education Homeschooling Gold (Velvet Underground album) What Goes On (box set) Trident Studios Bryan Adams Yasmine Bleeth Eton College Scholasticism Secondary education in France La Salle College Primary education Irish dance Kindergarten Adventures in Odyssey KaBlam! Billy Elliot Pipe organ The Wall St. Joseph's College, Hong Kong Teachers College King's School, Canterbury Recess (TV series) East Carolina University Embouchure Aretha Franklin Wu style T'ai Chi Ch'uan Christian Brothers Academy Columbine High School massacre Bobby Knight St. Albans School Mary Lyon Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference Librarian Merrimack, New Hampshire Adams Morgan Bagpipes Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold Clarinet Springfield, Massachusetts Jeb Bush School French law on secularity and conspicuous religious symbols in schools Normal school Fort Ashby, West Virginia Prank call Duane Allman Red Sea Jerry Lucas Brian Griffin Three Stooges 10 Things I Hate About You Fantastic Four Doug Yule Japanese era name Lou Reed William Fremd High School Who Shot Mr. Burns? Zen Taiwanese aborigines Bridgewater State College Ultimate Fantastic Four Ralph E. Reed, Jr. Characters of Lost The Allman Brothers Band Seminary Classroom Parent-Teacher Association Ashfield, New South Wales Education 