so if nani plays on the left and ronaldo on the right where does this leave giggs that's the thing you see we got nani to cover if either cristiano ronaldo or ryan giggs gets injured if all three of them are fit i think nani will have to sit on the bench as he is the least experienced of the three and the manchester united assistant manager carlos quieroz mentions it in the article below ryan giggs is getting old now so nani is the long term replacment for him http www dailymail co uk pages live articles sport football html in article id in page id i hope that helped Ryan Giggs Alex Ferguson Cristiano Ronaldo Manchester United F.C. Winger (sport) F.C. United of Manchester Park Ji-Sung Ronaldo Steve McManaman FA Premier League 1992-93 PFA Young Player of the Year Alan Hansen 1990s 2003-04 in English football Manchester United 1999-present Real Madrid HyperText Transfer Protocol FIFA Series David Beckham Uniform Resource Locator Lee Sharpe Football (soccer) World Wide Web Nobby Stiles Midfielder West Bromwich Albion F.C. Ryan's Hope Portugal national football team Eric Cantona Baseball Ray Harford Denis Law Football (soccer) positions 2004-05 in English football August 2005 in sports Leeds United F.C. FIFA World Player of the Year Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Wales national football team FC Barcelona New York Mets Luis Figo Ricardo Quaresma Battle of Wireless Ridge Sky Sports News Wget Ryan Leaf Tris Speaker New York Jets PSV Eindhoven 2001-02 in English football 2004 European Football Championship Unicode and HTML Gordon Banks Kevin Keegan Blackburn Rovers F.C. Uniform Resource Identifier Brazil national football team Bosman ruling Web server Bury Al Michaels Josep Guardiola Nottingham Forest F.C. Cardiff The Football League Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Ronaldinho Website Geoff Hurst Notts County F.C. HTML Football culture Canadian football Common Unix Printing System Norwich City F.C. Web browser Millwall F.C. Rugby league Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Ajax (programming) European Footballer of the Year Houston Astros Kansai-ben Oxford United F.C. Football in the United Kingdom David Platt Internet Rio de Janeiro Cleveland Browns D.C. United HTTP cookie XHTML LeBron James Character encodings in HTML FC Rostov 