is there a foreign player limit in english football i know that in spain you can not have more than three players from outside the european community however there is a rumor that fulham fc are trying to sign jay demerit from watford that would give fulham americans is there any limit in england should be asking if there's a limit to brits in the prem how many featured at wembley last weekend that's the barometer of the game here and the good news is that its set to get worse when yet another foreigner gets his hands on arsenal as i watched a tv program this morning you could see that the problem is entirey the fa's granted club football has received huge cash injections but its virtually all foreign money both airtime and club ownership art sky etc are all foreign owned with international audiences who don't care for the good of the local game and with all that dough the fa really has no choice than to shut up the question is when would the fa choke on all that money and spit out just a few foreigners to let the local lads live then cut down this crazy tv drive that has prem clubsides play all year long burning out any hope of england ever lifting real trophies just when FA Cup The Football League Chelsea F.C. West Ham United F.C. England national football team Fulham F.C. Newcastle United F.C. FA Premier League Norway national football team National Football League Rugby union Everton F.C. Bobby Moore Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Watford F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Steve Coppell Monopoly (game) Alex Ferguson Kenny Sansom Nottingham Forest F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Denis Law Kevin Keegan Tony Adams (footballer) Manchester United F.C. Jack Charlton Dennis Bergkamp Bryan Robson FC Barcelona David Beckham Aston Villa F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. George Best Current teachings of Prem Rawat Toronto Blue Jays Football (soccer) History of rugby league 2005-06 in English football Bobby Charlton Babe Ruth Wimbledon F.C. Gordon Banks Steve McManaman London Crystal Palace F.C. Coventry City F.C. Slot machine Steve McMahon 2004-05 in English football FA Premier League 2001-02 American football Tic-Tac-Dough Lee Dixon Super League (Australia) Major League Baseball television contracts Michael Owen Alan Hansen Ray Wilkins Football records in England Graeme Souness Poker jargon Alan Shearer Paul Ince Television syndication Ray Harford Steve Hodge Arsenal F.C. Johnny Haynes Torquay United F.C. Gary Stevens Wembley Stadium New York Giants R.S.C. Anderlecht Rugby football Teddy Sheringham Brian Close ITV Billy Bremner Mick Mills John Aldridge Past teachings of Prem Rawat Fox News UEFA Champions League The Joker's Wild Rangers F.C. Baseball Real Madrid Alan Mullery 2002-03 in English football Football World Cup 2003-04 in English football MTV Television in Canada Football culture 