who is the best player at your club you may think i'm mad but i'm a newcastle fan and really believe albert luque could be our christiano ronaldo if big sam can get the best out of him if you don't believe me about luque please watch all of this http www youtube com watch v lrswlgdy man u is the team i support and although i think ronaldo is a geniuos amazing talent he is still young and rash well there has to be a cost so overall for me although there are so many great players in the team it is giggs for sheer effort and work Cristiano Ronaldo Manchester United F.C. Ronaldo Steve McManaman Alex Ferguson Newcastle United F.C. Albert Luque Cincinnati Reds Real Madrid Ryan Giggs FIFA Series Football culture FC Barcelona Be__ikta__ Jimnastik Kul__b__ Notts County F.C. FIFA World Player of the Year PSV Eindhoven C__sar Luis Menotti Manchester United 1986-1999 Luis Figo Liverpool F.C. Football chant West Bromwich Albion F.C. Torquay United F.C. Newcastle Knights Brazil national football team Portugal national football team New York Yankees HyperText Transfer Protocol Internazionale Jos__ Luis Chilavert Eric Cantona F.C. United of Manchester 2005-06 in English football PFA Young Player of the Year History of rugby league England national football team Francisco Pizarro Pittsburgh Penguins Football World Cup 2002 Leeds United F.C. Kieron Dyer Pittsburgh Pirates Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 2005 Queens Park Rangers F.C. Salary cap Rangers F.C. Tris Speaker Ty Cobb Manchester United 1999-present Park Ji-Sung Torino F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Crystal Palace F.C. Los Angeles Kings Essendon Football Club Deportivo de La Coru__a Norway national football team Roberto Baggio Clube Atl__tico Mineiro St. Louis Cardinals Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Everton F.C. Swindon Town F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Portsmouth F.C. Winger (sport) Newcastle Falcons EastEnders Rasheed Wallace Pet Shop Boys Cincinnati Bengals Dundee United F.C. Rugby union in Wales The Football League FA Premier League Football (soccer) Recreativo de Huelva Aston Villa F.C. FA Premier League 2001-02 Uniform Resource Locator Minor league baseball College basketball Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles History of baseball in the United States Orlando Magic Wimbledon F.C. New York Knicks Arthur Numan Club Am__rica Perth Glory Football World Cup 1978 StarCraft Pittsburgh Steelers Florida Marlins 2004-05 NHL lockout Satchel Paige Valencia CF West Ham United F.C. 