whats the name of that football referee with the scary eyes anyone know who i'm talking about italian pierluigi collina Pierluigi Collina Football World Cup 2002 Everton F.C. Bologna Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina 2004 European Football Championship - Knock-out stage August 2005 in sports 2004 European Football Championship - Group B 2004 European Football Championship - Group A 2004 European Football Championship - Group D Patrick Kluivert Pro Evolution Soccer The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Anders Frisk A.C. Mantova Baldness 1996 European Football Championship Football (soccer) Renaissance music Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends Italy Palestrina Teen Girl Squad Corna Prank flash Norway national football team Diego Maradona Madrigal (music) Italy national football team Minardi Football World Cup 1970 Denis Law Eminem English football league system Malta Benvenuto Cellini Cesare Pavese Scary Movie 3 Rugby union Serie A Undergrads Scary Movie 2 Cookie Monster Masquerain Milano-Torino Baconin Borzacchini Invader Zim Sistine Chapel David Bowie "Weird Al" Yankovic Italian football league system Treehouse of Horror III Genoa Cricket & Football Club U.S. Citt__ di Palermo Sports betting What's Happening!! Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps) Football in Italy Pok__mon Abilities A.C. Milan Ottavio Farnese, Duke of Parma U.S. Pro Vercelli Calcio The Mythical Detective Loki Ragnarok Spice Girls Monday Night Football Isetta Scary Go Round Hooliganism Juventus F.C. Spanish Golden Age Torino F.C. A.S. Roma Anna Faris Football World Cup 1938 Villain Italian American Eurotrip Roberto Baggio University of Connecticut Ken Aston TalkSPORT Chelsea F.C. Motet Raisins (South Park episode) The Order of the Stick Christian Vieri Coach (sport) Football (soccer) positions Football in Argentina Sport Football (ball) Gabriel Batistuta Milan Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Io - Iz) The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) Esteban Tuero Joe Jordan (footballer) Trio (band) KROQ Top 106.7 Countdown of 1980 Internazionale 