is clarence seedorf underrated and is he still one of the best players in the game today he is the only person ever to have won the champions' league with different teams he was named by pele as one of the best players ever to have playted he was insturmental in ac milan's champions' league glory last season definitely underrated tireless little worker played in a midfield diamond formation in the milan lineup true kaka shoots better than him pirlo is well known for his passing and gattuso is a fearless midfield enforcer but you can deny the fact he's a good team player may have disciplinary problems in the past but i think he has mellowed and became an important player for ac milan UEFA Champions League Real Madrid Norway national football team National Hockey League All-Star Game Andriy Shevchenko Marco van Basten National Football League Football (soccer) positions Stanley Cup Alex Ferguson Leeds United F.C. Lacrosse Marcel Desailly Rangers F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Mark van Bommel Kak__ Internazionale Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Ajax Amsterdam FA Premier League 1995-96 Steve McManaman National Hockey League Steven Gerrard Super Bowl I Billy Bremner Formation (football) Baseball Olympique de Marseille Everton F.C. Super Bowl XXXI Celtic F.C. American football The Football League Millwall F.C. Park Ji-Sung San Francisco 49ers Football (soccer) Blackburn Rovers F.C. Super Bowl XXIV FA Premier League 1994-95 Boston Bruins New York Islanders DaMarcus Beasley Dennis Bergkamp Chicago Bulls Midfielder FC Girondins de Bordeaux American Football League Paul Ince Cork City F.C. Detroit Tigers Sport Club Corinthians Paulista FA Premier League 1992-93 Frank Lampard Mario Lemieux Coventry City F.C. May 2005 in sports FC Barcelona Cincinnati Bengals Super Bowl VI Nottingham Forest F.C. Ronaldo Deco Major League Baseball 2004-05 in English football Denis Law Paul Scholes Lech Pozna__ Japanese baseball Toronto Maple Leafs F.C. United of Manchester Paolo Maldini Super Bowl VII Bobby Charlton Colorado Avalanche Indiana Pacers Alan Ball (footballer) Futebol Clube do Porto Boston Red Sox Michael Owen New York Jets Major League Baseball All-Star Game Super Bowl XXV J. League Beitar Jerusalem FC New York Giants Maccabi Haifa F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Pel__ NBA Finals Dinamo Zagreb Steve McMahon Rugby league Ruud van Nistelrooy Dallas Cowboys Perth Glory David Vernon Watson 