what club teams did peter nowak play for nowak began playing professional soccer at the age of when he debuted in for w kniarz pabianice in his native poland with whom he played his first four years nowak would go on to play for zawisza bydgoszcz motor lublin and widzew d before leaving poland for bakirkoyspor of the turkish first division in nowak then played for young boys berne of switzerland and dynamo dresden before moving to the bundesliga in by signing with fc kaiserslautern after that nowak moved to munich where he would play until and with whom he was voted the best playmaker of the bundesliga for the season as well as polish player of the year in nowak was also an important player for the polish national team which he captained for three years and for whom he played games and scored three goals in nowak moved to the united states to play in major league soccer for the chicago fire in their inaugural season nowak led the fire to a victory in the mls cup and was soon recognized as one of the best players in the league he also led the fire to two us open cup victories playing league games for the team registering goals and assists nowak played with the fire until when due to salary cap constraints he was traded to the new england revolution which immediately spurred his retirement after a year off nowak was appointed as head coach of d c united starting in the season he quickly pulled the team together and led d c to their fourth mls cup in nowak was named the first member of the ring of fire the highest honor available to those associated with the chicago fire and his name and number are displayed high at midfield at toyota park their new stadium in nowak was named to the mls all time best xi w kniarz pabianice zawisza bydgoszcz motor lublin widzew d bakirkoyspor young boys berne dynamo dresden fc kaiserslautern munich chicago fire new england revolution Chicago Fire (soccer) Norway national football team D.C. United Frankie Hejduk Football in Poland Football (soccer) Paul Ince National Football League The Football League Michael Owen Alex Ferguson Leeds United F.C. FA Cup Everton F.C. Eddie Pope Eric Wynalda Frank Lampard Coventry City F.C. National Hockey League Martin Peters Los Angeles Kings Manchester United F.C. Bryan Robson Blackburn Rovers F.C. Bobby Charlton Aston Villa F.C. Rangers F.C. England national football team Cincinnati Bengals Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup Eddie Gaven David Cooper (footballer) Troms__ I.L. Chelsea F.C. Denis Law Chicago Bulls FC Rostov Paul Caligiuri Teddy Sheringham Dema Kovalenko Clint Mathis Germany national football team Chicago Blackhawks Toronto Blue Jays Ben Olsen Peter Shilton David Beckham Boston Bruins Stanley Cup New England Patriots Michael Ballack September 2005 in sports February 2005 in sports Newcastle United F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 Oakland Athletics Playoff F.C. United of Manchester Mario Lemieux Ramiro Corrales History of Arsenal F.C. Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium UEFA Champions League DaMarcus Beasley IFK G__teborg Lacrosse Pittsburgh Steelers Freddy Adu Baltimore Ravens Chicago Cubs Boston Red Sox Detroit Tigers Robin Fraser Playoff format Tottenham Hotspur F.C. San Francisco 49ers Ali Daei Toronto Maple Leafs Crystal Palace F.C. 2005 English cricket season Bristol Rugby 2004-05 NHL lockout Kansas City Chiefs Montreal Canadiens Detroit Red Wings Primera Divisi__n Argentina Los Angeles Clippers Celtic F.C. North American Soccer League Portsmouth F.C. Real Madrid 