gattuo's performance against man utd nd leg vs mascherano's performance against ac milan finals who had the better defensive game both played outstandingly good question gattuso was dominant and quite inspiring with his passionate play his intensity became the face of that memorable match and he really captured the spirit of his club he set the tone played incredible football and captured the hearts of adoring fans what sets the two apart though was his outspoken passion and intensity mascherano played great too but gattuso just was more outspoken about his play and not only revved up himself but his whole team Cincinnati Bengals Manchester United F.C. Celtic F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Dundee United F.C. Football (soccer) American football New York Giants Norway national football team Alex Ferguson Leeds United F.C. NBA Finals Internazionale National Football League FA Cup Kevin Keegan West Ham United F.C. The Football League Newcastle United F.C. Pete Sampras Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Cristiano Ronaldo UEFA Champions League Chelsea F.C. Rangers F.C. David Beckham Steve McManaman England national football team Water polo Cricket Collingwood Football Club IFK G__teborg Baseball Australian rules football April 2005 in sports University of Texas at Dallas England national rugby union team Michael Jordan Dennis Bergkamp Steve Nash Playoff English cricket team 2004 European Football Championship Stockport County F.C. Notts County F.C. A.C. Milan Rugby league Everton F.C. Australian national rugby union team Border-Gavaskar Trophy C__sar Luis Menotti Marco van Basten Tennis Major football rivalries Suzanne Lenglen Football World Cup 1990 Cork City F.C. Adore Michael Owen Wayne Carey Rugby football Roger Federer Laws of cricket 1957 World Series Sven-G__ran Eriksson Football World Cup 1970 R.S.C. Anderlecht 2004 European Football Championship - Group C The Ashes Football in the United Kingdom February 2005 in sports Yao Ming British Home Championship Queen's Park F.C. Music of the United Kingdom (1950s and 60s) Ice hockey Italy national rugby union team Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Football Julius Erving International League Gabriel Batistuta Seattle Mariners Norman Hunter Volleyball Quake III Arena Teddy Sheringham Tosca Diego Maradona Football culture Maccabi Haifa F.C. History of rugby league Football at the Summer Olympics Gaelic football Essendon Football Club Pittsburgh Steelers Victor Hugo American Football League Andriy Shevchenko Australian Football League 