what is your all time favorite soccer player and team what would your favorite soccer player be and what is your all time favorite team my favorite team is the new england revolution in the mls and my favorite player is taylor twellman how plays for them i also like a del piero who last time i checked played for juvenetus in italy mine is manchester united i have been supporting them ever since i have been interested in football which was round about the world cup in which my favorite team brazil won i am also a great fan of barcelona ronaldinho is one of my favorite footballers and i like the attacking style of football they play i also support my home town team bradford city they were relegated to league last season and i was gutted hopefully we will get promoted this year i like england because i am english i like the brazilian football team well its a long story during the world cup we had to pick a random country out of a hat in school i got brazil they won the world cup that year and i won a prize a mini football ever since then i love the brazilian football team a lot of my favorite players like ronaldo kaka ronaldinho and many others play their love the exiting style of football they play they always play attacking and score many goals i loved the way that they beat argentina nil in the copa america final that was great and they showed the rest of the world how great they are my favorite players in no particular order are peter crouch i just like him and he has saved england's ss on many occasions louis saha i just like him ronaldinho he is the best player in the world i mean who doesn't like ronaldinho kaka one of the very few players who i like in the ac milan team ronaldo the brazilian one who doesn't like brazilians giuseppe rossi my favorite italian hes my favorite dida the best goalkeeper in the whole world http en wikipedia org wiki ronaldinho http en wikipedia org wiki louis saha http en wikipedia org wiki peter crouch http en wikipedia org wiki kak c a http en wikipedia org wiki n c a lson de jesus silva http en wikipedia org wiki giuseppe rossi http en wikipedia org wiki ronaldo Norway national football team Ronaldinho Football World Cup FC Barcelona Real Madrid Italy national football team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Major League Soccer Football World Cup 1990 England national football team Manchester United F.C. Diego Maradona Aston Villa F.C. David Beckham Germany national football team Football World Cup 2002 Football (soccer) Alex Ferguson Bryan Robson Football World Cup 1982 Cruzeiro Esporte Clube R.S.C. Anderlecht Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Everton F.C. Roberto Baggio The Football League FIFA Series Bobby Charlton Troms__ I.L. Football culture Denis Law Clube Atl__tico Mineiro Dundee United F.C. Rugby union Torquay United F.C. Internazionale IFK G__teborg Portugal national football team 2004-05 in English football Peter Shilton Frank Rijkaard Chelsea F.C. Penalty shootout (football) Cristiano Ronaldo 2001-02 in English football 2003-04 in English football Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Crystal Palace F.C. Football World Cup 1970 Football (soccer) positions Gustavo Kuerten Gabriel Batistuta Bundesliga (football) Jack Charlton Hellas Verona F.C. Leeds United F.C. October 2004 in sports Deco Teddy Sheringham Primera Divisi__n Argentina Gordon Banks Notts County F.C. Manchester City F.C. United States men's national soccer team Sheffield United F.C. Sport Club Internacional Football World Cup 1986 September 2005 in sports Leicester City F.C. FIFA 100 West Bromwich Albion F.C. Campeonato Brasileiro Coventry City F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Hugo S__nchez Nottingham Forest F.C. Boca Juniors Sunderland A.F.C. Kevin Keegan D.C. United Steve Coppell Norwich City F.C. Football World Cup 1966 FA Premier League Paul Ince League Cup Dennis Bergkamp 