how many games per a year does each team play and how do team find players where do players come from how many games per year does ateam play well all the teams participating in leagues like english spanish etc have to play atleast games per season the best of teams also qualify to play in european competitions and thier are domestic competitions as well the number of games they play out their depends on thier performances through the qualifying stages how do teams find players there are player transfers before the season starts and during the mid season all managers during this period can buy sell or loan the players they want to from other teams where do players come from well as i said they are transferred from clubs to clubs moreover their are b and c squads of teams that train and play the players who are young or not yet worht playing at competitive levels lionell messi from barcelona is an example of players coming from b squad hope that helped R.S.C. Anderlecht FC Barcelona Alex Ferguson Everton F.C. IFK G__teborg Rangers F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. David Beckham Chelsea F.C. Real Madrid Leeds United F.C. Paul Ince Newcastle United F.C. Teddy Sheringham Michael Owen Manchester United F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. The Football League Troms__ I.L. FA Cup Football (soccer) Coventry City F.C. FA Premier League Aston Villa F.C. Celtic F.C. Bryan Robson Ronaldo Norway national football team Gianluca Vialli Frank Lampard Playoff Professional sports Philip Cocu Major League Baseball Leicester City F.C. Dundee United F.C. Minor league baseball League Cup Andriy Shevchenko Jos__ Mourinho Maccabi Haifa F.C. Kevin Keegan Benni McCarthy Athletic Bilbao American Football League Queens Park Rangers F.C. Atl__tico de Madrid FC Rostov Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. West Ham United F.C. Playoff format Torquay United F.C. RCD Espanyol Denis Law Crystal Palace F.C. F.C. United of Manchester Football in the United Kingdom Hern__n Crespo Rugby union BM Ciudad Real Futebol Clube do Porto FA Premier League 1992-93 Dennis Bergkamp 2004-05 NHL lockout Jack Charlton Milwaukee Brewers UEFA Cup History of Arsenal F.C. Norwich City F.C. Wrexham A.F.C. Cricket Ray Harford Celta Vigo New York Rangers National Hockey League All-Star Game SM-liiga Sevilla FC FIFA University College Dublin F.C. Fulham F.C. Cronulla Sharks Sport in Ireland Bobby Charlton National Basketball Association Football in England 