the diamond midfield need as much about the diamond midfield especially in relation to the outside mid position specific runs defense tactics etc well im not sure bout specific runs and tactics but i know the top of the diamond is the offending midfielder and the bottom is the defensive midfielder the runs and tactics r numerous and inter changeable Midfielder Formation (football) Football (soccer) positions Baseball Leeds United F.C. Everton F.C. Fielding (cricket) Ipswich Town F.C. Super Bowl XXXVIII Fullback Super Bowl XXXI Diamond Baseball scorekeeping Aston Villa F.C. Martin Peters Australian rules football Defender (football) FA Premier League 1995-96 Billiards FA Premier League 2004-05 Super Bowl I Finesse Alex Ferguson Coventry City F.C. Poker jargon Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Softball C__sar Luis Menotti Diamond cut FA Premier League 1992-93 Chess opening Dennis Rodman Professional wrestling throws Claudio Ranieri Real Madrid Volleyball FA Premier League 1994-95 Super Bowl VII Super Bowl VI Water polo Glenn Hoddle Dick Advocaat Super Bowl XXIV Anti-aircraft warfare Aberdeen F.C. Super Bowl XXVIII Guus Hiddink Super Bowl V Bicycle frame Tranmere Rovers F.C. Chess strategy and tactics Boxing Honolulu, Hawaii Norwich City F.C. Final Fantasy magic Sexual orientation West Bromwich Albion F.C. Alan Ball (footballer) Chess terminology Binary numeral system Heckler & Koch USP Baseball field Norway national football team Glossary of American football Teddy Sheringham American football Carlos Bilardo Sport Club Internacional Professional wrestling match types Fast bowling Clans (BattleTech) Capcom VS SNK 2 The Wealth of Nations Summon magic (Final Fantasy) Rugby league Sugar Ray Robinson Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Winger (sport) Tom Landry Rainbow Islands Ajax Amsterdam American football strategy Newcastle United F.C. Kerry Zavagnin England national football team Innings Natural Selection (computer game) Cincinnati Bengals Page Falkenberg Imperial Japanese Navy Super Bowl XXI Second Congo War Michel Platini Croquet Michael Essien Super Bowl XXV Professional wrestling aerial techniques Classified information 