soccer fans around the world how can you be satisfied with shoot outs wouldn't it be more fullfilling to see a game winning decisive goal to endure the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat is what's being a competitor and fan is all about you guys pay top dollar for these matches and you deserve a great show and the elation that comes that sudden death goal i think of shoot outs as something that children playing the game do when their moms are calling them for supper and the game is tied grown men making top dollar playing the sport in the world should not have their games decided in such a manner especially in the world cup cheers would love to hear your input idk they seem kind of like a cheat out of the game but i guess we just have to accept it Sudden death Football (soccer) Ice hockey Stanley Cup Chris Benoit Game show Playoff 1957 World Series Brazil national football team Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium UEFA Champions League Penalty shootout (football) Bundesliga (football) Norway national football team Playoff format Boca Juniors Chicago White Sox Water polo Sports betting England national football team Eddie Guerrero Miracle on Ice Boston Red Sox World Series Table tennis Geoff Hurst New York Giants Major League Soccer Andre Agassi Rugby football Round-robin tournament Crystal Palace F.C. Troms__ I.L. Jack Charlton Mick Channon Kurt Angle 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Michael Owen World Chess Championship National Hockey League Boston Bruins June 2004 in sports $ale of the Century Celtic F.C. Poker jargon Newcastle United F.C. Big Brother (USA TV series) Paul Ince Tris Speaker Kevin Keegan 2004 World Series Bobby Charlton Australia national football team Bj__rn Borg Sheffield United F.C. Japan national rugby union team Alex Ferguson Alan Ball (footballer) Volleyball Australian rules football Everton F.C. National Football League Lore Field hockey Rock, Paper, Scissors International League November 2004 in sports Roger Federer October 22 in baseball The Contender (television series) Knots Landing History of rugby league Professional wrestling match types Los Angeles Kings Toronto Maple Leafs Cork City F.C. Dundee United F.C. Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Shawn Michaels John McEnroe Golden goal Boxing Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Major League Baseball television contracts Wheel of Fortune Reggie Jackson Lacrosse 2005 World Series Michael Jordan Satchel Paige Football World Cup 1990 Jos__ Ra__l Capablanca Montreal Canadiens Detroit Tigers England national rugby union team 