how can anyone justify david beckham being one of the best futbol players of our generation the guy is way overpaid and is basically stealing money from the la franchise since when get making wicked free kicks make you a superstar there are much better players that don't get the same recognition i think he owes it to posh spice you guys are missing the point of the question i understand he is bringing recogintion of the game to the usa my question is why he isn't even that good and certainly hasn't made any impact to the sport in the usa other than tricking fans into buying tickets to a games he doesn't even play in i used to think becks was overrated when he played for man utd i was wrong what happened when he left man u they didnt win the premiership until this year they bought ronaldo to replace him and it took him years to develop dont get me wrong ronaldo is way better than becks ever was becks used to run up and down the wing whipping balls into the box not just free kicks back in the day beckham had great endurance england said they didnt need him but they struggled to score goals and they had to recall him now that they brought him back they are a totally different team beckham has scored in three world cups how many players have done that you say that much better players dont get ther recognition its because they arent winning championships or they are on worse teams and they seem like they are really good players but if they transfered to a good team they would just get lost much like shaun wright philips lay off becks he is a great player David Beckham Manchester United F.C. Alex Ferguson Bryan Robson New York Giants Ronaldo Los Angeles Kings Norway national football team Portsmouth F.C. Los Angeles Clippers Rugby union American football FA Cup Water polo Cristiano Ronaldo New England Patriots Football (soccer) Leeds United F.C. FC Barcelona Cincinnati Bengals Football culture Boston Red Sox West Bromwich Albion F.C. Steve McManaman New York Rangers Baseball Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Super Bowl XXVII Football chant Real Madrid National Football League Michael Owen Bobby Charlton Diego Maradona NBA Finals Torquay United F.C. World Series Paul Ince Gordon Banks Canadian football Toronto Blue Jays New York Knicks Eric Cantona Theory of conduct FIFA World Player of the Year Jack Charlton Super Bowl XI Super Bowl XXI Stanley Cup Wayne Gretzky Iron Bowl 2004-05 in English football Rugby league Everton F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Snooker Pittsburgh Steelers Toronto Maple Leafs Mario Lemieux Essendon Football Club Kevin Keegan Sheffield United F.C. Alan Shearer History of Arsenal F.C. National Football League Lore 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Rugby union positions Carolina Panthers Buffalo Bills Mark Messier New York Jets Aston Villa F.C. Lacrosse Chicago Bulls Glossary of American football Ice hockey Ipswich Town F.C. Sheepshead Indiana Pacers Nottingham Forest F.C. San Francisco 49ers Baseball Stars 2005 English cricket season Geoff Hurst Ali Daei Miami Dolphins Houston Astros Tris Speaker Japan national rugby union team 