terminology w not clear please clarify w stands for what when speaking of bridges it's not about the bridge it's how the interstate is named in the twin cities interstate splits in burnsville on the south side and near forest lake on the north side one branch goes to minneapolis west therefore w and one goes to st paul east therefore e north south running interstates have odd numbers east west running interstates have even numbers so they use the letters to identify the branches of the north south running interstate Interstate 35 Interstate 94 Interstate 80 Interstate Highway Interstate 35W Streets and highways of Chicago Indiana state highways Interstate 75 U.S. Highway 1 Hudson River Interstate 35E Saint Paul, Minnesota Minneapolis-St. Paul U.S. Highway 101 Interstate 5 Burnsville, Minnesota Interstate 90 Interstate 10 U.S. Highway 52 U.S. Highway system Potomac River U.S. Highway 6 Interstate 15 Transportation in Salt Lake City Trans-Canada Highway U.S. Highway 220 Interstate 77 University of Minnesota Interstate 95 Minneapolis, Minnesota Florida State Roads Southern California Interstate 99 Interstate 26 San Francisco Bay Area U.S. Highway 19 Washington Street (Boston) Berrien County, Michigan SEPTA Regional Rail Washington Avenue Bridge (Minneapolis) Grand Forks, North Dakota Interstate 74 Fargo, North Dakota Erie Canal Interstate 210 (California) United New Jersey Railroad and Canal Company New York Central Railroad Mississippi River Pennsylvania Turnpike Baltimore and Ohio Chicago Terminal Railroad Oregon Highway 43 New York City Subway chaining Green Line (MBTA) West Shore Railroad Autoroute (Quebec) Lehigh and New England Railroad Greece Interstate 1 Midwestern United States 400-Series Highways Lee County, Florida Sioux City, Iowa Interstate 40 New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Independent Subway System Old Colony Railroad Bloomington, Minnesota Florida State Road 15 Cleveland, Ohio Glossary of graph theory Interstate 44 King County, Washington Union Freight Railroad Interstate Highway standards Interstate 64 Pacific, Missouri Florida State Road A1A Interstate 70 Long Path U.S. Highway 41 Interstate 85 Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Greece Interstate 48 Interstate 87 Stamford Bridge Proposed Interstate Highways Twin cities CityRail Interstate 76 (east) Florida's Turnpike Interstate 4 Interstate 66 Eisenhower Expressway U.S. Highway 91 Red Line (MBTA) Morristown and Erie Railway Central Vermont Railway Thameslink Westchester County, New York Milwaukee, Wisconsin 