Recurrence after radiotherapy for glottic carcinoma.
 A series of 478 patients with T1-3N0 glottic carcinoma treated by irradiation is presented.
 Of these patients, 320 were previously untreated, whereas 158 patients were referred for treatment of a recurrence after receiving radiotherapy elsewhere.
 The primary recurrence rate in the previously untreated patients was 10%.
 The rate was higher in T2 and T3 tumors, poorly differentiated tumors, and in patients who were in poor general condition.
 Over 80% of the recurrent tumors were Stage pT3 or pT4, whereas 12% of total laryngectomy specimens showed necrosis only with no evidence of tumor.
 The necrosis rate in previously untreated patients was 1% for T1 tumors, 4% for T2 tumors, and 3% for T3 tumors.
 Of all tumors, 60% were transglottic when they recurred, whereas only 29% were confined to the glottis at recurrence.
 Histologic diagnosis had a high sensitivity but a low specificity, indicating that a negative histologic report is unreliable.
 Of patients with a recurrent primary tumor, 13% were untreatable.
 The 5-year survival after a primary recurrence was 39%, and the main prognostic factors were sex, T stage at recurrence, and time to recurrence.
 Of patients available for follow-up at 5 years 49% were alive with a larynx, 5% were alive without a larynx, 13% were dead of the original cancer, and 33% had died of other causes.
 In those suffering a primary recurrence, the commonest cause of death was a subsequent lymph node metastasis, followed in order of frequency by stomal recurrence and recurrence in the pharyngeal remnant.
 The hospital mortality rate after laryngectomy was 3%, and 30% of patients undergoing laryngectomy developed a pharyngocutaneous fistula.
 The recurrence rate in lymph nodes was 14% at 5 years, general condition and T stage being the only significant predictors of recurrence.
 Only 17% of patients had small (N1) nodes by the time the diagnosis of cervical lymph node recurrence was made, and 27% of all patients were unsuitable for treatment.
 Host, tumor factors, and time to recurrence were not significant predictors of survival after node recurrence.
 The survival rate 5 years after node recurrence was 16%, and the main cause of death in those who died was uncontrolled disease in the neck.
 The hospital mortality after salvage neck dissection was 4.7%.
