is it dwight d eisenhower or david d eisenhower dwight david eisenhower Dwight D. Eisenhower USS Dwight D. Eisenhower (CVN-69) Mamie Eisenhower John Eisenhower President of the United States Eisenhower Expressway U.S. presidential election, 1952 Eisenhower Dollar Earl Warren Amherst College George S. Patton Council on Foreign Relations Military-industrial complex U.S. presidential election, 1956 U.S. presidential election, 1960 Abilene, Kansas William P. Rogers Supreme Allied Commander Stephen Ambrose Walter Bedell Smith Camp David Wyckoff, New Jersey Sherman Adams Interstate Highway John Foster Dulles Herbert Brownell, Jr. Augusta National Golf Club Winston Churchill Old Executive Office Building New Hampshire primary David Niven Robert Taft Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force United States dollar coin European Theater of Operations Joseph McCarthy Atoms for Peace Draft (politics) Ezra Taft Benson Arlington National Cemetery 20th century Lucius D. Clay Little Rock Nine Washington National Cathedral Domino theory Vice President of the United States 69 (number) Fort Gordon Operation Mockingbird Battle of the Bulge Rat Pack Washington Dulles International Airport Richard Nixon Nimitz class aircraft carrier Mediterranean Theatres of World War II Battle of Normandy Fort Leavenworth 2001 World Series 101st Airborne Division Phi Beta Kappa Society Harold Macmillan Douglas MacArthur Gettysburg, Pennsylvania George P. Shultz Fitzsimons Army Medical Center Adlai Stevenson Person of the Year Lost Generation Orval Faubus Lockheed Constellation Central High School (Little Rock) Recess appointment The Longest Day (film) Walt Whitman Rostow Saint Lawrence Seaway Harry Blackmun Warren E. Burger Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution The New York Times Presidential library Falls Church, Virginia Matthew Ridgway Heinrich Himmler Operation Greif Jackie Cochran Tom Selleck Kansas Tau Epsilon Phi Western Front (World War II) Nixon (film) Culzean Castle Ethel and Julius Rosenberg Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents Acting President of the United States First Taiwan Strait Crisis Mohammed Mossadegh 1960s Desegregation U.S. Highway 66 