typical democrat hillary clinton gets some advice hillary clinton gets elected president and is spending her first night in the white house the ghost of george washington appears and hillary says how can i best serve my country washington says never tell a lie ouch says hillary i don't know about that the next night the ghost of thomas jefferson appears hillary says how can i best serve my country jefferson says listen to the people ho i really don't want to do that on the third night the ghost of abe lincoln appears hillary says how can i best serve my country lincoln says go to the theater i won't dispute the fact that the former presidents you mentioned had ambition but i feel that the ambition they possessed was to actually serve this country the best they could i do feel that in todays political climate people like hillary clinton have personal ambition for the purposes of creating power and influence for themselves and a few close associates Bill Clinton President of the United States Democratic Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2008 Hillary Rodham Clinton United States Senate Abraham Lincoln Vice President of the United States The Truth About Hillary Peter F. Paul Death and state funeral of Ronald Reagan Second Amendment to the United States Constitution Lewinsky scandal United States House of Representatives Congress of the United States Condoleezza Rice Dick Morris Jefferson Davis Barack Obama U.S. Senate election, 2006 Conservative Democrat Rod Blagojevich Al Gore Nuclear option (filibuster) The Rush Limbaugh Show The West Wing (television) George Clinton (vice president) Women in the United States Senate Plame affair 2004 Democratic National Convention Lloyd Bentsen Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Pat Buchanan Martin Van Buren Politics of the United States Politics of the Southern United States William Safire Supreme Court of the United States U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 John Adams Richard Mellon Scaife Southern United States Southern Democrats Whitewater scandal U.S. presidential election, 1992 Lyndon B. Johnson 107th United States Congress Andrew Johnson United States Red state vs. blue state divide Mack McLarty US health reform under Clinton Alpha Phi Omega Rudy Giuliani Head of state Speaker of the United States House of Representatives U.S. presidential election, 2000 James K. Polk White House Ghost Moral Politics History of the United States (1988-present) Read my lips: no new taxes Federalist Party (United States) Alan Keyes Article Two of the United States Constitution Lincoln Highway Ukrainian presidential election, 2004 U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works Aaron Burr Weekly World News Thomas Jefferson Acting President of the United States Daniel Patrick Moynihan W. Mark Felt J. William Fulbright Clinton Presba Anderson Ed Rendell Swift Vets and POWs for Truth Bob Dole Teresa Heinz Kerry Hilary Duff Jimmy Carter American Civil War The Political Machine Newt Gingrich Confederate States of America George H. W. Bush Bob McEwen Barbara Boxer Ross Perot Presidential system Arthur J. Finkelstein Marbury v. Madison Michael Chertoff Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Special relationship 