anyone have a youtube account please tell me i want more friends thanks mine is ashleytisdaleginger sorry i don't have one but sice i aamm your brother i will give you a star and the magic do not is a very boring video Brandy (entertainer) Felix the Cat RuneScape quests Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Mandy Moore Boogie Nights The Emancipation of Mimi Mithril Outlaw Star Aaliyah Magical Pok__mon Journey The Care Bears (television series) A Kind of Magic Guns N' Roses The Comeback (TV series) Grammy Awards of 1998 Pop Art: Pet Shop Boys - The Hits Orichalcum Our Gang Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete Cardcaptor Sakura Homestar Runner Don "Magic" Juan The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Super Mario 64 Wyatt Earp Mario series enemies Fantastic Four Shot of Love Herbie Hancock Magic Dirt Bowser Iggy Pop Bored of the Rings American Idiot Monica (singer) Oasis (band) Kirby Minor Harry Potter Beasts RuneScape slang and terminology Sheryl Crow The Sims Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Peter Allen Super Mario Bros. television series Philip J. Fry George Lucas Minor characters in Sonic the Hedgehog The Chemical Brothers Magic Knight Rayearth Glen Jacobs Magical beasts (Harry Potter) Ion Davidov Pantera Mandrake the Magician RuneScape Random Events Boredom The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Super Smash Bros. Melee Humphrey Bogart Final Fantasy Tactics Advance New Radicals The Isley Brothers Yu-Gi-Oh! Triple J Hottest 100, 2003 Warner Bros. Charmed Breath of Fire III Tenchi Muyo! Information Society RuneScape locations Steve Martin MMORPG Game show The Motels Anthony the Great The Magic School Bus Books of the Swords Sequel The Honeymooners Homer vs. Dignity Vladimir Peter Tytla 1000 (number) Minesweeper (computer game) Douglas Adams Super Mario Bros. 3 Hilary Duff Ewoks: The Battle for Endor RuneScape Thomas Mann Lunar 2: Eternal Blue Complete Josie and the Pussycats (comic) Phantasy Star Tony Scott Radio Active Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game The Cranberries Deftones Computer role-playing game Yggdrasil 