Reduction by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor of fever and neutropenia induced by chemotherapy in patients with small-cell lung cancer.
 BACKGROUND.
 Neutropenia and infection are major dose-limiting side effects of chemotherapy.
 Previous studies have suggested that recombinant methionyl granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) can reduce chemotherapy-related neutropenia in patients with cancer.
 We conducted a randomized clinical trial to test this hypothesis and the clinical implications.
 METHODS.
 Patients with small-cell lung cancer were enrolled in a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of recombinant methionyl G-CSF to study the incidence of infection as manifested by fever with neutropenia (absolute neutrophil count, less than 1.0 x 10(9) per liter, with a temperature greater than or equal to 38.2 degrees C) resulting from up to six cycles of chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and etoposide.
 The patients were randomly assigned to receive either placebo or G-CSF, with treatment beginning on day 4 and continuing through day 17 of a 21-day cycle.
 RESULTS.
 The safety of the study treatment could be evaluated in 207 of the 211 patients assigned to either drug, and its efficacy in 199.
 At least one episode of fever with neutropenia occurred in 77 percent of the placebo group, as compared with 40 percent of the G-CSF group (P less than 0.001).
 Over all cycles of chemotherapy, the median duration of grade IV neutropenia (absolute neutrophil count, less than 0.5 x 10(9) per liter) was six days with placebo as compared with one day with G-CSF.
 During cycles of blinded treatment, the number of days of treatment with intravenous antibiotics, the number of days of hospitalization, and the incidence of confirmed infections were reduced by approximately 50 percent when G-CSF was given, as compared with placebo.
 Mild-to-moderate medullary bone pain occurred in 20 percent of the patients receiving G-CSF.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 The use of G-CSF as an adjunct to chemotherapy in patients with small-cell cancer of the lung was well tolerated and led to reductions in the incidence of fever with neutropenia and culture-confirmed infections; in the incidence, duration, and severity of grade IV neutropenia; and in the total number of days of treatment with intravenous antibiotics and days of hospitalization.
