is it wrong for me to only try to make it work because i am pregnant my relationship isn't doing so well i am three months pregnant and my boyfriend is steady with the arguements and putting me throught stress i asked him not to go out one day and he left anyways when i would stay home when he wasn't comfortable with me going out the only reason i am trying to make it work is for the sake of my baby to be but is that wrong should i just break up with him even though we are expecting a child if he can't support you now do you honestly think he will do so when that baby gets here no he won't so if i were you i'd sit down with him and have a serious talk and figure out what he expects from you and tell him what you expect from him if he can't meet your expectations break up with him i hate to tell you this but you don't need someone around that is only there because you are trying to 'make it right' for the baby's sake because in the end the arguements will continue and get worse and the stress gets a little more intense and if he can't handle what is going on right now he definately won't be able to handle it when the baby is here so find it in your heart to do what is right for you after all a baby bonds with it's mother first for it's first year of life mom is everything to a baby the dad is just a 'playmate' remember that i wish you all the best EastEnders Kodocha Days of our Lives Friends Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Phoebe Buffay's songs Humphrey Bogart Pregnancy Theory of conduct One Tree Hill (TV series) Social rule Knots Landing Full House Shaggy dog story Sex and the City Charmed Kurt Cobain Great Teacher Onizuka Jon Secada T.A.T.u. Phoebe Halliwell Avenue Q Abortion debate Everwood Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Boston Public Kyle Broflovski Baby Blues Infantilism American Dad! Comparing and contrasting Judaism and Christianity W.I.T.C.H. Breastfeeding One Life to Live Mr. and Mrs. Turner Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Sami Brady Pitaten Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Alf Stewart Milton H. Erickson Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist Pok__mon Chronicles Past characters (Neighbours) For Better or For Worse Alois Hitler Virgin Mary in Islam Alcoholics Anonymous Little Britain Henry Fonda Married... with Children The Curse of Fenric The Smoking Room What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film) Dead Like Me Nana Joke Angelina Jolie Babe Carey Infant The O.C. Fathers' rights Cartman Joins NAMBLA Melanie Wilkes Fat Man and Little Boy (Simpsons) About a Boy Laura Schlessinger The Critic Mina Mongoose True Crime: Streets of LA Childbirth Love The Marshall Mathers LP Liza of Lambeth George Costanza Dawson's Creek Ben Johnson (athlete) Jennifer Lopez Grandview, U.S.A. Characters of Lost The Ashlee Simpson Show Saved by the Bell Ten Commandments Collateral (film) Pip (South Park episode) Hey Jude Badly Drawn Kitties Survivor (novel) Delta Goodrem The Inside John Sheridan (Babylon 5) Cerebral palsy Polyamory Who Shot Mr. Burns? Series finale Olivia Newton-John Brandy (entertainer) 