whats the most anticipated wii game which ones will be really good and which ones that r out r really good i just got the wii most anticipated are in my opnion super smash brother brawl anyone would agree super mario galaxy mario kart wii to buy now legend of zelda duh red steel is fun and cheap i think i hvae more but their more fun if you enjoy the type of game Nintendo Power Yoshi Koji Kondo Nintendo GameCube Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario 64 Super Smash Bros. Mario Nintendo 64 Lakitu Super Mario Kart Princess Zelda Bowser Nintendo Nintendo Comics System Luigi Toad (Nintendo) Bob-omb Donkey Kong Junior Mario Kart 64 Shigeru Miyamoto Super Mario Bros. television series Wario Super Mario Bros. 2 Boss (video games) Super Mushroom Koopa Troopa Player's Choice Waluigi Video game music Mario series enemies The Legend of Zelda series Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Birdo Goomba Mario Bros. Mario Kart Link (Legend of Zelda) Speedrun Mario Kart DS The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Ganon Super Mario Bros. Princess Peach Super Mario World Nintendo Entertainment System Computer and video game genres Video game character The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Super Mario 128 Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario Bros. 3 Koopa Super Mario Sunshine Chomp (Mario) Kart racing Mario Kart Super Circuit Fangame Donkey Kong Classic NES Series Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Paper Mario Koopa Kid Diddy Kong Racing game Super Mario Strikers Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time characters The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening characters Nintendo iQue Animal Crossing The Legend of Zelda Game Boy Metroid series Game Boy Advance Intelligent Systems Mario Superstar Baseball Super Mario Bros. Deluxe History of video games (16-bit era) BS Zelda The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Gashapon Nintendo 64DD Pure Pwnage Satellaview Hyrule Castle Rare (video game company) Daigasso! Band Brothers Master Sword The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time weapons and items The Legend of Zelda (TV series) Thwomp Super Mario Bros. (film) The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past BS Zelda: Kodai no Sekiban Super Mario Advance 4 