all gamers everywhere whats gonna b the best wii game cumin out before the new year my belief is supersmash bros brawl and i was wonderin ur opininon its gonna be super smash bros brawl hands down there is a huge fan base for the first two and brawl has been delayed sooo many times its gonna be a big seller the gameplay looks awesome better graphics and newer characters what else can a smash bros fan ask for Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Smash Bros. Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario Bros. Fire Emblem Super Mario remake series Pok__mon Computer and video games Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Pok__mon (video games) Enhanced remake Tetris Attack Wario Link (Legend of Zelda) Mario Bros. Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario All-Stars Super Mario 64 Princess Zelda Donkey Kong Platform game Super Mario World Kirby Boss (video games) Yoshi Koji Kondo Donkey Kong 64 EarthBound The Legend of Zelda series Animal Crossing Samus Aran Tiny Toon Adventures Nintendo GameCube Mario series enemies Secret character Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War Princess Peach MMORPG Master Hand Toad (Nintendo) Luigi Mr. Game & Watch Final Fantasy Golden Axe Koopa Kid Fox McCloud History of video games (Sixth generation era) Speedrun Pure Pwnage Zelda II: The Adventure of Link Nintendo Power Computer and video game genres Goomba Paper Mario Super Mario Advance 4 Battletoads Shigeru Miyamoto Captain Falcon The Malice at The Palace Counter-Strike Super Mushroom Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Lakitu Ness First-person shooter Super Mario Bros. television series Birdo Mario Kart Hulk Hogan Diddy Kong Oasis (band) Super Robot Wars Super Mario Bros. (film) Contra (arcade game) The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind Ganon Fall Brawl Bowser Bob-omb F-Zero Racers Mewtwo Gameplay of StarCraft Grand Theft Auto III The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Personal computer game The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess Final Fantasy VI Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars GoldenEye 007 Pikachu Extreme Championship Wrestling Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Nintendo Revolution Clefairy Metroid series Pok__ Ball RollerCoaster Tycoon 