is there more than one number in motocross not in ama motocross the numbers are assigned annually with certain numbers reserved for previous champions and so forth pre all numbers were changed every year it didn't matter if you were rc mcgrath or stewart a bad year would give you a higher number for the following season good luck and i hope this helps Motocross Pittsburgh Steelers Luck Tony Stewart Whitney Houston American Medical Association Coventry City F.C. Motorcycle Penske Racing Kevin Schwantz Boston Bruins President (game) Giancarlo Fisichella Hendrick Motorsports Supercross 1957 World Series National Football League Bowl Championship Series The Dukes of Hazzard FC Rostov FA Premier League 1992-93 Formula One Bill Davis Racing Numerology English cricket team 2000 Australian Grand Prix National Provincial Championship Jackie Stewart AMA Computer University America's Next Top Model History of Formula One New York Giants Rod Stewart Japanese calendar Wayne Gretzky Drifting (motorsport) Aston Villa F.C. New York Jets International League Lake Speed Kevin Keegan Cleveland Browns Poker jargon Major League Baseball television contracts Evel Knievel PGA Tour The Price Is Right Forfar Athletic F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Emerson Fittipaldi NEXTEL Cup USS Nelson (DD-623) Supermoto UK telephone numbering plan Sports timeline Beatmania IIDX Jacky Ickx Whose Line Is It Anyway? Martin Brundle Faith (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Maico Telephone numbering plan The A-Team Batting average David Coulthard Playoff Glamorgan County Cricket Club in 2005 Chicago Blackhawks The Joker's Wild Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Playoff format Alex Ferguson Nottingham Forest F.C. Detroit Tigers BMX Jordan Grand Prix Fuzion Baseball Stars Houston Rockets Computer chess PGA European Tour Iran's Premier Football League Hastings United FC Michael Schumacher NFL playoffs, 2001-02 Torquay United F.C. Derby County F.C. Mark Blundell Billboard Hot 100 2003 Cricket World Cup Queens Park Rangers F.C. Chris Amon Minnesota Vikings New York Knicks International cricket in 2005 Charmed Galactic Civilizations National Basketball Association Detroit Red Wings Troms__ I.L. 