more history which of the following facts about president johnson is not true a president johnson decided not to run for a second term as president b johnson denied general westmoreland s request that more ground troops be sent to vietnam c president johnson tried to negotiate a peace treaty with north vietnam d johnson s advisors agreed that the best way to win the war in vietnam would be to escalate the ground war d for sure defense secretary robert s mcnamara didn't agree he has come forward with memo's to the president saying that they should try diplomacy but b is false too because that is all johnson said was yes to westmoreland he was the on who escalated the war to the highest amount of troops we've had in onle place in decades m Vietnam War Clark M. Clifford Tet Offensive Six-Day War Melvin R. Laird Gulf of Tonkin Incident Robert McNamara Operation Rolling Thunder South Vietnam History of the United States (1964-1980) Harold Brown (Secretary of Defense) Gulf War Robert F. Kennedy War of the Pacific Iraq disarmament crisis Opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War Henry Kissinger Vo Nguyen Giap William Westmoreland Yom Kippur War Kennedy assassination theories Mutual assured destruction Nguyen Khanh Killian documents Lyndon B. Johnson Colin Powell Downing Street memo Sino-Soviet split Plame affair timeline Franco-Prussian War Karl Rove John F. Kennedy Legal status of Taiwan Arthur Joseph Goldberg Second Congo War Modoc War Confederate States of America Louis A. Johnson Korean War First Indochina War Polish September Campaign Treaty of Versailles Army of the Republic of Vietnam League of Nations U.S. presidential election, 1964 History of the United States (1945-1964) M16 (rifle) William Perry My Lai Massacre Unlawful combatant Democratic Republic of Afghanistan Governments' positions pre-2003 invasion of Iraq Paris Peace Accords U.S. presidential election, 1968 Zbigniew Brzezinski USS Liberty incident The Fog of War History of the Israel Defense Forces Les Aspin Camp David Accords (1978) 2003 Invasion of Iraq Polish-Soviet War Battle of Plattsburgh Douglas MacArthur Anti-ballistic missile Cold War (1962-1991) War of Attrition James K. Polk Vice President of the United States Camp David 2000 Summit Darfur conflict Military history of the United States Vietnam Veterans Against the War Political status of Taiwan Lebanese Civil War War of the Spanish Succession Israel-Jordan Treaty of Peace History of the United States National Security Council 1963-1969 Daniel Patrick Moynihan Movement to impeach George W. Bush Palestine Liberation Organization Elizabeth I of England Oslo Accords Crimean War Anglo-Irish War Cold War War Tony Blair Pontiac's Rebellion Taba summit Indian Army Battle of Khe Sanh Nuremberg Trials Nuclear warfare Canada and the Vietnam War History of the United States National Security Council 1969-1974 Road map for peace General Dynamics F-111 Daniel Ellsberg 