who shot jfk lets see you can take your pick the cia the mob johnson the list goes on but it was not only lee harvey oswald John F. Kennedy assassination Warren Commission Kennedy assassination theories Lee Harvey Oswald John F. Kennedy House Select Committee on Assassinations Jack Ruby Clay Shaw Kerry Thornley Detailed timeline of the assassination of John F. Kennedy Political decoy Santo Trafficante, Jr. David Ferrie JFK (film) Henry Wade Assassination Dorothy Kilgallen Robert F. Kennedy Assassins (musical) Gary Oldman Sam Giancana J. D. Tippit Gerald Posner Dealey Plaza Nothing So Strange John Peel Sin City Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor Martin Luther King, Jr. The Drew Carey Show James Jesus Angleton President of the United States Dictabelt evidence relating to the assassination of John F. Kennedy Steve Harvey Air America (film) The World Factbook History of the United States (1945-1964) Forbes family Los Angeles Clippers Iran hostage crisis Kevin Smith New York Knicks Neil Patrick Harris Goldfinger Weight Gain 4000 Punisher Jim Garrison Carcano Vietnam War Goodfellas Gerald Ford Diedrich Bader Live Aid The Invisibles Harvey County, Kansas Oswald Boelcke The Man with the Golden Gun John Roselli Harvey, Illinois Enemies of Batman Agent Zero Conspiracy theory Earl Warren Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law The Walt Disney Company Libra (novel) William Harvey American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Wyatt Earp The Chiffons Internment J. Lee Rankin CIA cryptonym The Sopranos The Untouchables New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets Triple J Hottest 100, 2002 Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 2005 Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics Berlin Wall L. Fletcher Prouty Hayer affidavits Howard Beach Timeline of the American Civil Rights Movement Carlos Marcello Mr. Spritz Goes to Washington Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Significance of Venona TLA The Boondock Saints Plame affair timeline Civil Rights Act of 1964 Diamonds Are Forever Clinton's Pardons List Oz (TV series) Nick Fury Doug Harvey Tommy Lee Jones Mormon War Cause c__l__bre 