what day of the week did ulysses s grant die i have to write an obituary for school about a famous american so i chose grant and i don't know what day of the week he died i know he died on july i know there's a formula or something to figure that out i just forgot what it was july was a thursday President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant Thursday Don't Forget About Us National Football League Holiday Billboard Hot 100 Phillips Exeter Academy Union Army Calculating the day of the week Thanksgiving Obituary Ulysses S. Grant IV Battle of the Wilderness Military opposition to the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji) Vicksburg Campaign Doomsday rule Harrow School Chester A. Arthur Sally Ann Howes House of Bourbon U.S. presidential election, 1872 Ulysses S. (Buck) Grant, Jr. Forgotten Realms The Emancipation of Mimi Holy Week Ne Win Weekly newspaper Hollywood Squares Ulysses S. Grant III Edward S. Curtis Carnival Wars of Scottish Independence Roald Dahl Winfield Scott Hancock Beyonc__ Knowles Week The Economist Toronto Argonauts Big Brother (USA TV series) Bush Supreme Court candidates Don Adams The King's Regiment (Liverpool) U.S. fifty-dollar bill ISO 8601 Battle of Spotsylvania Court House Luther Vandross Lew Wallace Percy Bysshe Shelley BBC television drama Bowl Championship Series Cindy Sheehan Quorum of the Twelve Apostles EastEnders Grant Park (Chicago) Good Friday Graham Kennedy Edward Heath MASH (film) University of Maryland, College Park Wednesday Battle of Vicksburg Indulgence The Ashlee Simpson Show Battle of Shiloh Odysseus Liturgical year Monday Night Football Irna Phillips Georgetown, Ohio Oasis (band) Johnny Carson George Michael Frederick Dent Grant Lent Grant County, Oregon Big Brother (Australian TV series) Grant County, Kansas USS Ulysses S. Grant (SSBN-631) Cavalry in the American Civil War Siege of Petersburg Public domain WWE Friday Night SmackDown! Shawn Michaels Indian reservation 2004 Republican National Convention Survivor: Guatemala Australian Idol William Tecumseh Sherman Elections in the United Kingdom Monday John Steinbeck Hiberno-English Friday The Jazz Singer Whose Line Is It Anyway? Separation of church and state Nathan Bedford Forrest Jason Robards __cole Polytechnique 