what day of the week was the st of march wednesday but now i am curious what exactly happened on that date i can't find much in timelines except lindbergh's being awarded that medal of honor for his first transatlantic flight and births and deaths of people i've never heard of Charles Lindbergh Chronology of Jesus Bert Acosta Transatlantic flight Anne Morrow Lindbergh Lindbergh kidnapping Transatlantic Distinguished Flying Cross (U.S.) Birthday Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March Ash Wednesday Rosa Parks Pan Am Flight 103 Wednesday Doomsday rule Medal of Honor Gregorian calendar Children's literature Northwest Airlines Britney Spears Bruno Hauptmann Liturgical year Pregnancy September 11, 2001 attacks timeline for the day of the attacks Calculating the day of the week Christmas San Diego International Airport Opportunity rover timeline for 2004 March 5th millennium BC Irish calendar USS Kitty Hawk (CV-63) James S. Voss Dominical letter Plame affair Atlantic Ocean Douglas Corrigan Killian documents John H. Towers Hurricane Katrina timeline Roman calendar National Medal of Science United States Air Force Academy 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Same-sex unions in Oregon Pan American World Airways Downing Street memo SpaceShipOne flight 16P Good Conduct Medal George W. Bush military service controversy Paul MacCready September 11, 2001 attacks timeline for September Timeline of British Airways Anthony Hopkins D'ni timeline Gold medal Belfast International Airport Kosovo Campaign Medal Ussher-Lightfoot Calendar Lent Alcock and Brown Norman Schwarzkopf, Jr. International Date Line Air India Flight 182 Vietnam Service Medal Thursday Opportunity rover timeline Lauren Bacall Air Medal John F. Kennedy assassination Julian calendar Steven Hawley Eubie Blake Medal Opportunity rover timeline for 2004 April Frederick William Macmonnies Tom Brokaw USS Wallace L. Lind (DD-703) Occupation of Iraq timeline Daylight saving time Good Friday Bonnie J. Dunbar Caribbean Carnival Back to the Future timeline Paul Is Dead Jim Thorpe Common Era Newbery Medal National Geographic Society Richard E. Byrd Casualties of the conflict in Iraq since 2003 Purple Heart Spirit rover timeline for 2004 April Dates in Star Wars 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Didache Jack Lemmon World War I Victory Medal Ben Johnson (athlete) Henry Fonda United Airlines Flight 93 