what us president was assassinated in william mckinley he was born in elected president in he was shot by an anarchist named leon frank czolgosz on september and died eight days later William McKinley Leon Czolgosz Assassins (musical) President of the United States Emma Goldman Acting President of the United States Propaganda of the deed Ida Saxton McKinley Anarchism Vice President of the United States Eric Schlosser Pan-American Exposition Theodore Roosevelt Republican Party (United States) William Jennings Bryan Assassination John F. Kennedy assassination U.S. Congressional Delegations from Delaware Mark Hanna U.S. presidential election, 1900 President William McKinley High School Hayer affidavits U.S. presidential election, 1896 Lilburn Boggs Anarchism in Spain Robert Todd Lincoln Territory of Hawaii John Wilkes Booth House Select Committee on Assassinations Ambrose Bierce William Howard Taft United States Secret Service Current events James A. Garfield Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution Philippine-American War Emilio Aguinaldo 3-19 shooting incident George Wallace Leon S. Kennedy Presidential Succession Act Russian Revolution of 1917 L__on Blum Sixty-fifth United States Congress Seventy-ninth United States Congress Ernesto Zedillo Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Ada Wong Siaka Stevens ROC presidential election, 2004 Charles J. Guiteau Emmet County, Michigan Zoran __in__i__ Eighty-second United States Congress The Deadly Assassin Eighty-sixth United States Congress Electric chair Libertarian socialism John J. Crittenden Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act Jack Ruby George B. Cortelyou Benjamin Harrison John J. Pershing Kennedy assassination theories Russell A. Alger 1960s Sierra Leone Benigno Aquino, Jr. Thomas Brackett Reed President of Argentina Otelia B. Mahone 9/11 conspiracy theories Anarchism and religion Liberia President of the Philippines Seventy-sixth United States Congress William Rehnquist Seventy-fifth United States Congress Individualist anarchism Lakshman Kadirgamar Sierra Leone Civil War Huey Long History of United States imperialism U.S. presidential election, 1936 Irish calendar Seventy-eighth United States Congress Timeline of the Texas Revolution Once Upon a Time in the West William Henry Harrison Sixty-eighth United States Congress Robert M. La Follette, Sr. Hosni Mubarak Giuseppe Zangara Palestinian National Authority Ahmad Tejan Kabbah Anarchism and the arts Politics of Sierra Leone Sixty-seventh United States Congress 