do you believe lee harvey oswald shot president kennedy that includes believing in the single bullet theory without the single bullet theory there had to be more than one shooter involved kennedy and connally were hit at the same time and you must believe jack ruby was a nut and oswald was obsessed with communism i actually lived in dallas and visited dealy plaza and there is no way lee harvey oswald could have killed kennedy it would almost have to be a government conspiracy do you think that the secret service would not check all the buildings to make sure it was all clear do you think they would have missed a sniper nest no the angle from which kennedy was shot would have to come from the railroad tracks i've been over those tracks many times mass transit trains use those same tracks oswald would have to have been a real good shot to get kennedy the way he did besides sniper guns don't leave smoke oswald was just a front to a more complex inside job assassination John F. Kennedy assassination Warren Commission Lee Harvey Oswald Kennedy assassination theories Detailed timeline of the assassination of John F. Kennedy Single bullet theory Jack Ruby House Select Committee on Assassinations Assassination John F. Kennedy Dealey Plaza Stopping power Sniper Beltway sniper attacks Cigarette Smoking Man Nothing So Strange Conspiracy theory JFK (film) Max Payne Assassins (musical) Carlos Marcello Political decoy James Jesus Angleton Henry Wade Rifle Sin City Dictabelt evidence relating to the assassination of John F. Kennedy Carcano John Connally Famous last words J. D. Tippit Robert F. Kennedy John Allen Muhammad Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Terminal ballistics Kerry Thornley SOCOM II: U.S. Navy SEALs The Man with the Golden Gun Zapruder film David Ferrie John Peel Santo Trafficante, Jr. Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis John Hinckley, Jr. Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory Syphon Filter Ted Kennedy Team Fortress Classic Poker jargon Gerald Posner Collateral (film) Sniper rifle Columbine High School massacre Combine (Half-Life 2) USS Wahoo (SS-238) Unreal Tournament 2004 Heckler & Koch G3 Martin Luther King, Jr. Reservoir Dogs Airsoft Assassination in Sarajevo Kennedy Curse Marilyn Monroe Robert F. Kennedy assassination Conspiracy theories (a collection) Internal ballistics Jack Thompson Cartridge (firearms) Resident Evil: Apocalypse Handloading Walt Disney Krag-J__rgensen M16 (rifle) Punisher Meat Loaf President of the United States History of the United States (1945-1964) Shotgun Knots Landing Forbes family Dallas, Texas New York City Subway nomenclature Day of Defeat Neighbours Richard Nixon Resident Evil 4 The Times They Are A-Changin' Escape from New York Gerald Ford Penda of Mercia Jean Hill Men in Black Kill Bill Weight Gain 4000 Shooting sports Live television 3-19 shooting incident 