my boy friend is scared to have this baby he wants me to have an abortion i completely disagree how do i convince him that he will be a good dad how to get rid of his fears he is my life i don't want to lose him he will be there for the baby though he has a wonderful job we have a house and we are financially stable his dad is his hero and he had a wondreful childhood he gives the excuse that he won't be emotionally ready i don't know how old you guys are but i think having a baby is always a scary thing for men especially when it's your first and he is probably thinking about how much his life is going to change and maybe he isn't ready for that yet maybe you just need to give him some time to think it through but don't push him too much my husband boyfriend at the time took a parenting class and that helped him a lot i know he was scared out of his mind to have a baby but he got through it and now he's a wonderful dad and we are having our third maybe he could go to the doctor with you and your doctor could talk with him good luck i hope everything goes ok and congratulations Friends Jon Secada Social rule Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Humphrey Bogart Charmed Kyle Broflovski Coming of Age (TNG episode) Homer Simpson Cliff Richard EastEnders The Ashlee Simpson Show Phoebe Buffay's songs Avenue Q Milton H. Erickson Infantilism Grandview, U.S.A. The Fairly OddParents American Dad! Jam (TV series) Recurring South Park characters Theory of conduct Everwood Kim Possible Daredevil Kodocha Sex and the City About a Boy One Tree Hill (TV series) Saved by the Bell Great Teacher Onizuka Father's Day (Doctor Who) AFI 100 Years series The Adventures of Pete & Pete Butters Stotch Knots Landing Paige Matthews Grumpy's Three Wishes RuneScape quests Phoebe Halliwell Baby Blues Wonderland (McFly album) Shaggy dog story Calvin and Hobbes History of As the World Turns (2000-present) Rich Mullins The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Sigmund Freud The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Rocko's Modern Life Transactional analysis Undergrads Piccolo Junior Saga The Jeffersons (South Park) Shen Gong Wu Care Bears Lisa the Vegetarian Hollyoaks Honey and Clover Something Positive Ludwig Wittgenstein Bowling for Columbine Drawn Together The Contender (television series) Mr. and Mrs. Turner Haven (TNG episode) Datalore (TNG episode) The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Dad's Army Cartman Joins NAMBLA Bro'Town Series finale Too Short a Season (TNG episode) Ed, Edd n Eddy Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Kender Kimi Finster 2004 Republican National Convention Ranma __ characters Situation comedy Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Philip J. Fry Fight Club Ron and Fez Days of our Lives T.A.T.u. Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Will & Grace True Crime: Streets of LA The Girl Who Slept Too Little Boston Public Married... with Children Teen Girl Squad Sydney Riot of 1879 Sin City Timmy Turner Time Out of Mind W. Mark Felt W. Daniel Hillis 