who's going to get more goals this season jermaine defoe good but will have limited opportunities behind berbatov bent and keane tuncay sanli good record abroad but playing for boro who are guff rolando bianchi good record in italy but italians often struggle to adapt to premiership pace and who knows how eriksson's brand new squad will gel claudio pizarro unlikely to play much with drogba kalou and shevchenko around was bought mainly to cover for the african nations tournament dean ashton tends to play deeper and creates goals rather than scores them i need to pick one for my fantasy team bianchi i would have picked him but i thought mccarthty martins and kanu have better value England national football team 2004-05 in English football Andriy Shevchenko Dennis Bergkamp Teddy Sheringham Frank Lampard Norway national football team Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Rugby union Leeds United F.C. Primera Divisi__n Argentina Robbie Keane Chelsea F.C. Claudio Ranieri FA Cup Steve McManaman David Beckham Manchester United F.C. Middlesbrough F.C. Hellas Verona F.C. Striker Roy Keane Italy national football team Michael Owen Gianluca Vialli FC Rostov England national rugby union team Internazionale Sheffield United F.C. Boca Juniors Paul Ince Pittsburgh Steelers Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Joe Cole (footballer) Football (soccer) positions Everton F.C. Kevin Keegan Leicester City F.C. IFK G__teborg Cleveland Browns Emile Heskey Nottingham Forest F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Roberto Baggio Peru national football team Nwankwo Kanu Troms__ I.L. FA Premier League 2004-05 International cricket in 2005 Football World Cup 1990 West Bromwich Albion F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Playoff Claudio Reyna Chris Amon Gabriel Batistuta English cricket team Fascism Chicago Bulls Alan Shearer Fulham F.C. Damien Duff Baseball Mark Viduka Bobby Charlton Newcastle United F.C. August 2005 in sports Alex Ferguson John Terry Portsmouth F.C. Denis Law A.S. Roma James Milner (footballer) Graeme Souness Jesper Gr__nkj__r Notts County F.C. Football World Cup 2002 Football (soccer) Brazil national football team Bryan Robson Ipswich Town F.C. Italy national rugby union team Mick Channon Juan Sebasti__n Ver__n FA Premier League 1995-96 Jermaine O'Neal Boston Bruins Volleyball Coventry City F.C. Sol Campbell Norwich City F.C. FA Premier League 2000-01 Hurling Wayne Rooney 2005 ICC Intercontinental Cup 1957 World Series Republic of Ireland national football team Ruud van Nistelrooy Tranmere Rovers F.C. 