do you think jamie carragher should go back to play for england if you are not aware of the situation steve mcclaren england national team coach has recently asked carragher to return to the national team after he retired from the team a few months ago to focus on liverpool he retired because he was the fourth or fifth player in the depth chart and did not feel like he was being used now that woodgate ledley king and john terry are all injured mcclaren needs someone to play alongside rio ferdinand for about a month if jamie does go back he would only play for a month or so then sit the bench again if jamie declines then sol campbell would probably be asked what should carragher do i wouldn't go back its a shame i believe he is the nd best defender england has behind terry and he has never been guaranteed a starting spot and always been played out of position he is unhappy and he would rather commit to liverpool than waste his time with mcclaren look at scholes he has done pretty well since he retired from england England national football team Jamie Carragher Leeds United F.C. Liverpool F.C. Steve McManaman West Ham United F.C. Middlesbrough F.C. John Terry 2004-05 in English football Pittsburgh Steelers Sol Campbell Bryan Robson Sami Hyypi__ Frank Lampard Paul Ince Steven Gerrard Alex Ferguson Denis Law Manchester United F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Chicago Bulls Kevin Keegan Peter Shilton Norway national football team Rio Ferdinand Watford F.C. Detroit Red Wings New York Knicks Toronto Raptors Carolina Panthers Los Angeles Kings Rugby union National Hockey League All-Star Game Alan Shearer English cricket team David Vernon Watson Michael Owen Portsmouth F.C. John Aldridge Phil Thompson Cincinnati Bengals Terry McDermott National Basketball Association Snooker Aston Villa F.C. New England Patriots May 2005 in sports FA Cup EastEnders Jos__ Mourinho The Football League Football (soccer) San Francisco 49ers Football in the United Kingdom Australian cricket team Football records in England Boston Bruins Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Miami Dolphins Greg Valentine Appeal Ben Johnson (athlete) FA Premier League 2000-01 2001-02 in English football Cleveland Browns UEFA Champions League Rugby league New York Giants Ravi Shastri Eddie Guerrero Gordon Banks Buffalo Bills Nottingham Forest F.C. Baseball Super Bowl XXVII Newcastle United F.C. Lou Gehrig Graeme Souness Manchester United 1986-1999 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Rangers F.C. Germany national football team Steve Coppell Football culture Alan Hansen England national rugby union team Luton Town F.C. Des Walker Sandy Koufax F.C. United of Manchester 2000 Australian Grand Prix Lee Dixon Houston Rockets John Eales Penalty (ice hockey) Steve Nash Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. 