are there any teams from cornwall in the english premier league my family is originally from the cornwall region of england i would like to know if there are teams from that area that i could cheer on no there are no teams from cornwall that are in the premier league the nearest team to cornwall is probably plymouth but they are in the coca cola championship FA Premier League Cornwall Plymouth League Cup Wigan Athletic F.C. Football in England Northern Premier League The Football League FA Cup Football in the United Kingdom Sheffield United F.C. Regions of England Guinness Premiership England Yeovil Town F.C. Ontario Hockey League Constitutional status of Cornwall Scottish Premier League Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Manchester United F.C. Ceremonial counties of England Blackburn Rovers F.C. Devon Metropolitan and non-metropolitan counties of England Plymouth Argyle F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Cornish people 2004-05 in English football Frank Lampard Teddy Sheringham Top League Celtic League (Rugby Union) Rugby league NHL Entry Draft Bundesliga (football) English football league system Swansea City A.F.C. Iran's Premier Football League Charles Cornwallis, 1st Marquess Cornwallis Isthmian League West Bromwich Albion F.C. Wessex Great Britain West Country dialects Culture of Cornwall Ipswich Town F.C. Wimbledon F.C. Colonial America UEFA Champions League Portsmouth F.C. West Ham United F.C. Scottish Football League Hyde United F.C. Quebec Major Junior Hockey League Michael Owen Dion Dublin Aylesbury United F.C. The Oval Arsenal F.C. Duke of Cornwall Cornish self-government movement Alpha Ethniki Boston Red Sox Norwegian Premier League Sheffield Wednesday F.C. August 2005 in sports Rangers F.C. Ray Harford Kenny Dalglish 2005 English cricket season Troms__ I.L. Football in Scotland Wisconsin Rugby union La Liga Kevin Keegan Spanish Armada Macclesfield Town F.C. Football records in England Royal Navy Leeds United F.C. USL Premier Development League Devon and Cornwall Constabulary National League System Southampton F.C. League of Wales West Country Chelsea F.C. SuperLiga British Home Championship Cheerleading British colonization of the Americas 2002-03 in English football Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Howard Wilkinson FA Premier League 2004-05 Major League Baseball English people Chicago White Sox 