brits do you feel that david beckham is kind of a traitor or sell out playing for the american leagues i think the opposite side of that question is just as fair are freddy adu d beasley tim howard brian mcbride clint dempsey etc traitors for playing in europe you know if all the best american players were all in mls it would really be a pretty talented league still it's great they're getting the experience to play at the highest levels it kind of works both ways Major League Soccer Freddy Adu United States men's national soccer team Eddie Gaven DaMarcus Beasley Major League Soccer All-Star Game Spice Girls D.C. United Bobby Convey David Beckham Major League Soccer 2004 Season Minor league baseball MetroStars Major professional sports league Taylor Twellman American football Brit Awards North American Soccer League Tim Howard Major League Baseball Ultimate (sport) Clint Mathis American Football League Leeds United F.C. New England Revolution Rugby league Aston Villa F.C. FA Cup IMG Soccer Academy Newcastle United F.C. Kylie Minogue Queen (band) Real Madrid FIFA Series Baseball Nottingham Forest F.C. Alex Ferguson Luton Town F.C. Glossary of American football Preston North End F.C. Manchester United F.C. October 2005 in sports Cork City F.C. Ice hockey News of the World (album) UEFA Cup FA Premier League 1995-96 Football culture Football (soccer) Chess (musical) Canadian football F.C. United of Manchester Notts County F.C. Chelsea F.C. Baltimore Orioles Kansas City Wizards Tony Adams (footballer) Football in England Academy of Country Music Jokerit Patriotism UEFA Champions League Ben Olsen Bundesliga (football) Victoria Beckham Bryan Robson Something for Kate Softball Debate Freddie Mercury Sheer Heart Attack Cincinnati Bengals Michael Owen Contract bridge Jacksonville Jaguars Temple University Tranmere Rovers F.C. Dundee United F.C. Hastings United FC Eddie Lewis England national football team Los Angeles Galaxy National Football League Fort Wayne, Indiana October 4 in baseball Continental Basketball Association Norway national football team Ireland national rugby union team Jazz Fair use Dice Can't Get You Out Of My Head Australian national rugby league team Celtic F.C. Rugby football Western Bulldogs Landon Donovan Nine Inch Nails Oakland Athletics Columbus Crew 