question about having a valid physical for football season my last physical was on feb on my football information paper it says physical must have current meaning as of may am i good for football season clearly not Leeds United F.C. American football Arena Football League National Football League Logic Australian Football League Current sports events Football in Sweden Physics Sheffield United F.C. Weekend Update (sketch) Information warfare Football Conference Scientology beliefs and practices NFL Europe New York Giants Theory of everything Indoor football Nottingham Forest F.C. Football in England Carlisle United F.C. Science Super Bowl Kansas City Chiefs Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport Bundesliga (football) The Football League Denver Broncos Supernatural Arizona Cardinals Pittsburgh Steelers Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Scottish Premier League Canadian Football League San Diego State University Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Playoff Middlesbrough F.C. Southampton F.C. 2004-05 in English football Hibernian F.C. Montreal Alouettes Leyton Orient F.C. Chelsea F.C. Aberdeen F.C. British Home Championship Torino F.C. Oakland Raiders Plymouth Argyle F.C. Quantity of electricity University of Notre Dame Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Leicester City F.C. Barnet F.C. A-League Artificial consciousness Columbia University Tennessee Titans Philosophy of science Arsenal F.C. Black hole G__del's incompleteness theorem Thermodynamics Australian English Buffalo Bills Information College football Shrewsbury Town F.C. U.S. Citt__ di Palermo Indianapolis Colts Miami Dolphins Ipswich Town F.C. Manchester City F.C. St Helens RFC Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Dunstable Town F.C. Troms__ I.L. Notts County F.C. Bowl Championship Series Charlton Athletic F.C. Many-worlds interpretation NFL on television Physical paradox Special relativity Aston Villa F.C. Torquay United F.C. San Diego Chargers Scottish Football League Heart of Midlothian F.C. Canadian football Hereford United F.C. Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. York City F.C. Cincinnati Bengals St. Louis Rams Freedom of information legislation Intellectual property Football records in England Specified complexity 