have the bears improved their roster or otherwise for the upcoming season please give me your thoughts on what the bear's team looks like this season as compared to last any improvements yes they have improved their roster let me compare the starters from seasons end to now at changed positions then rb thomas jones dt ian scott tank johnson safety chris harris danieal manning todd johnson now rb cedric benson dt tommie harris darwin walker safety mike brown and adam archulata now lets compare thomas jones cedric benson we'll see after this season dt ian scott and tank darwin walker and tommie harris by a long shot safety chris harris and danieal manning mike brown and adam archulata we all know what mike brown can do when healthy and plus him and adam archulata are more experienced so they win this one so in the end i think this team is better than last year's and i'm sure rex has improved it can't get any worse than but i'm actually a supporter not a hater of his plus cedric is a year more experienced and dez clark is coming off a career year so expect a or a and a superbowl victory enjoy the upcoming season Cincinnati Bengals New York Knicks Pittsburgh Steelers San Francisco 49ers New York Jets 2005 World Series Dallas Cowboys Florida Marlins United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics Houston Rockets New England Patriots Super Bowl XXVII StarrCade Carolina Panthers 1957 World Series Toronto Raptors Ontario general election, 1977 24 Hours of Le Mans Toronto Blue Jays Cleveland Browns Boston Celtics Liverpool F.C. Detroit Tigers Indianapolis 500 Buffalo Bills United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics Los Angeles Clippers Ontario general election, 1990 Texas Longhorn Athletics Super Bowl V Super Bowl XIII Chicago Bulls New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets Indiana Pacers Satchel Paige PWI Years Everton F.C. Orlando Magic Brian Close Super Bowl IX Athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics - Men's 400 metres Kansas City Chiefs Detroit Red Wings Blackburn Rovers F.C. Clash of Champions Running back Boston Bruins Phoenix Suns Washington Redskins The Great American Bash 109th United States Congress Philadelphia Eagles Notts County F.C. New Jersey Nets New York Giants A.J. Styles New Mexico Lobo Basketball 1983 NHL Entry Draft NASCAR Rookie of the Year Tennessee Titans Sunday Times Rich List 2004 Texas Rangers (baseball) Super Bowl Roush Racing Seattle Mariners Pro Football Hall of Fame St. Louis Rams New York Islanders Chicago White Sox Ontario general election, 1987 108th United States Congress Baltimore Orioles Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics Super Bowl X Michael Jordan Crystal Palace F.C. Tommy Lasorda October 4 in baseball Sportswriting Nottingham Forest F.C. Hank Aaron Leeds United F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Des Walker Current World Wrestling Entertainment roster Minnesota Vikings Farnborough Town F.C. Twenty-seventh United States Congress Detroit Lions Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Chris Amon Donovan McNabb Leicester City F.C. American Bandstand Super Bowl VII Super Bowl XXIV Super Bowl XXV 