what movie on cd would be good to show the mechanics of football my son is years old he just started in a junior football league he's getting really good training from a very good coaching staff i was just wondering what would be a good football movie on cd that would show more of how to play football i thought of paper lion about george plimpton with alan alda or heaven can wait with warren beatty i'm not sure of mechanics but a good clean story is remember the titans and facing the giants National Football League George Plimpton Tennessee Titans Paper Lion Pittsburgh Steelers Super Bowl Detroit Lions National Football League Lore Baltimore Ravens Buffalo Bills IFK G__teborg Alan Alda Canadian Football League Academy Award for Directing Canterbury Bulldogs San Francisco 49ers Pro Football Hall of Fame American football M*A*S*H (TV series) New York Giants Warren Beatty Cleveland Browns Minnesota Vikings Heaven Can Wait (1978 film) New England Patriots Professional American football championship games New York Jets Norway national football team NFL playoffs Indianapolis Colts Academy Award for Best Picture Gabriel Batistuta Scotland national rugby union team Ricky Ray Piccolo Junior Saga Cincinnati Bengals S.League American Football League British Columbia Lions Kansas City Chiefs San Diego Chargers Australian Football League Portsmouth F.C. Bundesliga (football) Denis Law Super Bowl XXXV Warren Moon Super Bowl XXXIV Remember the Titans Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles October 2005 in sports The Football League Doug Flutie Scottish Junior Football Association Carolina Panthers Toronto Argonauts Celtic F.C. St. Louis Rams Southampton F.C. Butler County, Ohio Denver Broncos United States Football League Willie Mays November 2004 in sports Purdue University Troms__ I.L. Kurt Warner National Football League championships Coach (sport) 2004-05 in English football Texas A&M University Marv Levy Super Bowl XXV UEFA Champions League FC Rostov World Football League Millwall F.C. Fitzroy Football Club York City F.C. Jim Thorpe Leeds United F.C. Monday Night Football C. S. Lewis Playoff Green Bay Packers Bill Belichick England national rugby union team Japanese baseball Age of Mythology Super Bowl XXVII The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Football (soccer) Jacksonville Jaguars Marching band Giants Stadium Cal Hubbard The Citadel (Military College) 