do guys like girls that dress like guys my friend kinda dresses like a guy she really act like one but she acts a little more tough that the other girls at my school what do guys think of that something tells me that it probably matters more to you than her i suspect she's probably more interested in how you feel about her than guys Humphrey Bogart Friends Clint Eastwood The Mikado Kyle Broflovski Teen Girl Squad Avenue Q Married... with Children Blood on the Tracks Undergrads Stock character W. Mark Felt Recurring South Park characters Cliff Richard Totally Spies! Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Episodes of Lost (Season 2) K' Edward Pawley Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane Melbourne gangland killings Butters Stotch EastEnders Two Guys and a Girl Guy Chambers Ray Winstone Great Teacher Onizuka Good Morning, Vietnam YuYu Hakusho Madama Butterfly Urusei Yatsura Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) KaBlam! Ultra Maniac Kim Philby 1987 Golden Raspberry Awards Abdication Crisis of Edward VIII Spice Girls Mindy McCready Can't Hardly Wait Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man Madonna (entertainer) Wonderland (McFly album) Okashina Okashi French law on secularity and conspicuous religious symbols in schools Hulk Hogan Case Closed Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide Roswell UFO incident Bro'Town Jam (TV series) Prom American Psycho Lizzie McGuire Zoey 101 Saints and Soldiers Kodocha Phoebe Buffay Cinderella Marilyn Monroe The Delinquents Mojave people It's Walky! Dead End Kids One Tree Hill (TV series) Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Grease (musical) Ghastly's Ghastly Comic Boy band Cody Travers The Powerpuff Girls Mahoraba Revolutionary Girl Utena Tupac Shakur Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Transactional analysis Megan Griffin Gender role Marie Antoinette Faith (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Pok__mon Live! Slayers Planet Waves Serial killer Midori's Days Padm__ Amidala W.I.T.C.H. Azumanga Daioh Mary Wells Guy (Final Fight) Knots Landing Pitaten Guy Sigsworth Van Houten family Big Brother (USA TV series) The O.C. The Supremes Teacher's Pet (Disney) Welcome Back, Kotter 