Differential control of IFN-gamma and IL-2 production during Trypanosoma cruzi infection.
 In murine infection with Trypanosoma cruzi, immune responsiveness to parasite and non-parasite Ag becomes suppressed during the acute phase of infection, and this suppression is known to extend to the production of IL-2.
 To determine whether suppression of lymphokine production was specific for IL-2, or was a generalized phenomenon involving suppressed production of other lymphokines, we have begun an investigation of the ability of mice to produce of a number of lymphokines during infection, initially addressing this question by studying IFN-gamma production.
 Supernatants from Con A-stimulated spleen cells from infected resistant (C57B1/6) and susceptible (C3H) mice were assayed for IFN-gamma.
 Supernatants known to be suppressed with respect to IL-2 production from both mouse strains contained IFN-gamma at or above that of supernatants from normal spleen cells.
 Samples were assayed in an IFN bioassay to ensure that the IFN-gamma detected by ELISA was biologically active.
 Thus, suppression during T.
 cruzi infection does not extend to the production of all lymphokines.
 The stimulation of IFN-gamma production was confirmed by detection of IFN-gamma mRNA in unstimulated spleen cells from infected animals, and in Con A, Con A + PMA, and in some cases, parasite Ag-stimulated spleen cells from infected animals.
 IFN-gamma mRNA levels in mitogen-stimulated spleen cells equalled or exceeded those found in similarly stimulated normal cells.
 In contrast, stimulated spleen cells from infected animals had reduced levels of IL-2 mRNA relative to normal spleen cells.
 Thus at both the protein and mRNA level, IFN-gamma production is stimulated by T.
 cruzi infection, whereas IL-2 production is suppressed.
 Serum IFN-gamma in infected C57B1/6 and C3H mice was detected 8 days after infection, peaked on day 20 of infection, and subsequently fell, but remained detectable at low levels throughout the life of infected mice.
 Infected animals were depleted of cell populations known to be capable of producing IFN-gamma, and Thy-1+, CD4-, CD8-, NK- cells, and to a lesser degree, CD4+ and CD8+ cells were found to be responsible for the production of IFN-gamma during infection.
 We also report that IL-2 can induce IFN-gamma production in vitro and in vivo by spleen cells from infected animals, and that IL-2 can synergize with epimastigote or trypomastigote antigen to produce high levels of IFN-gamma comparable to those found in supernatants from mitogen-stimulated cells.
