ugh why do boys do this i met this guy yesterday through my friend he was very friendly but one very annoying thing about him was that he would be telling me a story and then he throws in a sentence about how hot some girl was like his little sister's babysitter he was talking about riding his bike to his friends house when his sister's babysitter arrived he was like she's smokin hot she is like at least or years older then this boy like does it look like i care i mean come on i find it so annoying that he keeps talking about girls i'm not lesbian i don't care ugh why do boys do that well i think from my expeirence that he is just trying to make you jealous in a stupid way that boys think is affective but i think that he is interested in you or something and he was trying to tell you in guy language that he is interested either it is that or that he is just a jerk who likes talking about girls he won't get d lol Friends The Fairly OddParents Little Britain Kodocha The Lovely Bones Pitaten Stewie Griffin Earth Girl Arjuna Doug Undergrads Everwood Phoebe Buffay's songs The Catcher in the Rye Love Hina main characters Ranma __ characters About a Boy Scouting Humphrey Bogart Hey Arnold! Social rule Sin City Milton H. Erickson Good Morning, Vietnam Recurring South Park characters Cardcaptor Sakura Kim Possible EastEnders Winx Club Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Married... with Children Gay slang Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man Infantilism Baby Blues W.I.T.C.H. The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Calvin and Hobbes Jon Secada The Amber Spyglass Shaggy dog story Franklin (television series) Garfield The Young Ones (TV series) Kyle Broflovski Pok__mon Live! Okashina Okashi Mr. and Mrs. Turner The Angry Beavers Something Positive Johnny the Homicidal Maniac Knots Landing Fantastic Four FoxTrot Futurama (TV series - season 2) D.N. Angel The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Marilyn Monroe Badly Drawn Kitties Red Hot Catholic Love Megan Griffin Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu Avenue Q Shit My Life as a Teenage Robot George Costanza Ed, Edd n Eddy The Smoking Room Athrun Zala One Tree Hill (TV series) Savage Dawn Teen Girl Squad KaBlam! Xiaolin Showdown Urusei Yatsura Otaku Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Tenchi Muyo! Singlish Grumpy's Three Wishes Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete Pip (South Park episode) Gay Squidward Tentacles Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Breath of Fire III Eric Cartman Salad Fingers Will & Grace The Critic Timmy Turner Hilary Duff AFI 100 Years series The Emancipation of Mimi Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword Vicky (The Fairly OddParents) Patrick Star Pet Shop Boys Spice Girls Static Shock 