only girl at boy party am a year old girl going to a boys birthday party where i will be the only girl and its for a year old boy can you give me some tips on how to act all confidente and to not humiliate myself i know most of the boys but there are some i am not going to know its a pool party i was invited and another girl was invited but she cant go we are pretty much good friends with him but not besties thanks p s the guy is not a creep and there is parent supervision you should go and have a good time be yourself if you are friends you should be fine if you start to feel nervous offer to help mom out with party stuff Kodocha Timmy Turner Teen Girl Squad Friends Butters Stotch Good Times Shaggy dog story The Fairly OddParents Birthday Hermione Granger Good Morning, Vietnam Charmed The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Mr. and Mrs. Turner The Ashlee Simpson Show Okashina Okashi Cliff Richard Kyle Broflovski KaBlam! South Park Humphrey Bogart Ichigo 100% Jean Grey Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Ranma __ characters Charlie Brown Kim Possible Pok__mon Live! The Dukes of Hazzard Damien (South Park episode) Hey Arnold! My Life as a Teenage Robot Pure Pwnage Little Britain Scouting The Family from One End Street Phoebe Buffay's songs Xiaolin Showdown Eric Cartman Lorelai Gilmore Doug Good Charlotte Lifetime Movie Network Yoko Ono Coming of age TLC Mnemonic The Sopranos Boston Public Days of our Lives Minor characters in Seinfeld Undergrads Milton H. Erickson Transsexuality Futurama (TV series - season 2) Rocket Power Kurt Cobain Totally Spies! Cardcaptor Sakura Grumpy's Three Wishes Abigail Folger Age of consent The Beach Boys Final Fantasy: Unlimited The Supremes Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu George Costanza Magical DoReMi Fancy Crane Recurring South Park characters Cyclops (comics) Yu-Gi-Oh! Satchel Paige Great Teacher Onizuka Teamo Supremo Charles Lee Ray W.I.T.C.H. The Inside Mojave people Teacher's Pet (Disney) Traci Lords Panay incident Blood on the Tracks Social rule Avenue Q Lizzie McGuire Questionable Content Bro'Town Boy band Married... with Children Futari wa Pretty Cure Eric Forman 2000 Australian Grand Prix Diocesan Boys' School, Hong Kong Oasis (band) Ren and Stimpy Aerial (dance move) Magical girl 