was everyone hit as a kid just wondering if it was normal my mom used to wack me all the time sometimes multiple times usually just slapping across the face or something one time i fell and got stitches in my toe it happened until i got bigger than her my dad did it a bit like last year he punched me in the head and it bled but he really just ignored me most of my life and favoured my brother so i didn't really interact with him sounds like you were physically abused rather than 'disclipined' The Angry Beavers The Marshall Mathers LP ECW One Night Stand Shaggy dog story Treehouse of Horror V Professional wrestling attacks Joke Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse Koopa Kid Doug Piccolo Junior Saga The Wack Pack Leon White Teamo Supremo Timmy Turner Kim Possible Kyle Broflovski The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Recurring South Park characters The Karate Kid, Part III Spot the Dog Mr. and Mrs. Turner Kimi Finster Social rule The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Grandview, U.S.A. Humphrey Bogart The Rumble in the Jungle The Fairly OddParents Aerial (dance move) Back to the Future Silent Night, Deadly Night 108 form Wu family T'ai Chi Ch'uan Professional wrestling holds Billy Joel Tag Slapping Hey Arnold! Matt Hardy EastEnders Lorraine Baines McFly The Adventures of Pete & Pete Radiohead NWo Seventh Sea (collectible card game) Tap dance Comedy film Akuma (Street Fighter) Futurama (TV series - season 5) Equine conformation W.I.T.C.H. Vicky (The Fairly OddParents) Professional wrestling match types Rich Mullins Carnival of Champions Pok__mon Live! It's a Wonderful Life Boxing New Kids on the Block A Day in the Life Situation comedy Three Stooges Boy Meets World Intelligence quotient Martin Lawrence SMTV Live George Abbott KaBlam! Poker jargon Egyptian Ratscrew Computer and video games Final Fantasy magic Blood Syndicate Loudspeaker Paul Wight Butters Stotch Rocko's Modern Life Diving El Chavo del Ocho Lilo & Stitch Double bass Effects pedal Ren and Stimpy The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Sin City Silverchair American Dad! Fred Phelps Traumatic brain injury Cow and Chicken Bernice Summerfield Stephanie McMahon-Levesque CPU cache Pop punk Tony Galento R. Kelly Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Hey Jude Buster Keaton 