ever watch jay walking if so then don't be disturbed about bush he's only a reflection of the american people we only vote for who we are comfortable with yes we may have voted him into office because we were more comfortable with him than the democratic candidates but now it's time to be disturbed i am no longer comfortable with the decisions he is making i'll continue to respect him and his position but i am now baffled by his actions Democracy Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Nuclear option (filibuster) U.S. presidential election, 2008 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines U.S. Senate election, 2004 Elections in the United States President of the United States Election Norm Coleman Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act 2004 Democratic National Convention Christian right John McCain Ralph Nader Australian legislative election, 2004 __lvaro Uribe Chen Shui-bian Condoleezza Rice Russ Feingold Ken Blackwell Liberal Democrats (UK) U.S. House election, 2006 Democratic Party (United States) Conservative Democrat Rick Santorum U.S. presidential election, 2004 U.S. presidential election, 2000 Al Sharpton Politics of the United States Barry Goldwater MoveOn U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 U.S. Electoral College Barack Obama 2004 Republican National Convention American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) John Roberts Rob Portman Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe Supreme Court of the United States Bush Supreme Court candidates Alan Keyes Spanish transition to democracy Japan general election, 2005 Joe Biden Speaker of the British House of Commons Military unrest since the Fiji coup of 2000 James K. Polk The Inside Moss v. Bush Vice President of the United States Federal Marriage Amendment George W. Bush Jeb Bush Jay Inslee Lawrence v. Texas Wesley Clark President of Germany Roh Moo-hyun Kuomintang Direct democracy United States Senate Jeff Gannon Fox News The Daily Show Same-sex marriage in the United States British House of Commons Paul Hackett Southern United States John Kerry North Carolina Council of State election, 2004 Green Party (United States) Jos__ Luis Rodr__guez Zapatero John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Philippine general election, 2004 John Edwards Politics of Hong Kong Roe v. Wade Al Gore NAACP Parliament of Canada Jerry Brown Civil disturbances and military action in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina Zimbabwe parliamentary elections, 2005 American liberalism Speaker of the United States House of Representatives John Jay Hooker Ralph Yarborough Karl Rove Joe Lieberman Parliament of Finland Third party (United States) Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Curt Weldon Theory of conduct Canadian House of Commons Pat Buchanan 