why do i feel so lonely i was gone for the weekend and just got home when this feeling of being lonely started i just want to crawl back into my car and go back and see everybody that i met this weekend again i don't want to be home and i just want to spend the rest of my life with these people anybody know why i'm so lonely and why i am not happy at home anymore i've never felt this way until i returned from this weekend the freedom of the fantastic weekend you had gave you a high hence you associate those friends with good feelings and happiness but remember it was only a weekend after the party everyone goes back to the same old boring routene of life stop brooding and go out and do something fun even during the week it'll cheer you up and you'll have a lot more fun everyday instead of waiting to celebrate the weekend try a course for something you like to do eg salsa classes it'll keep you fit and motivated during the week The Emancipation of Mimi The Ashlee Simpson Show Social rule The Family from One End Street Kodocha About a Boy Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Cliff Richard 2000 Australian Grand Prix Shaggy dog story Sydney Riot of 1879 Pitaten W.I.T.C.H. Weekend Update (sketch) The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Luke and Laura Spencer Jon Secada Avenue Q Garfield Grandview, U.S.A. Frosty the Snowman Spice Girls Ocean's Twelve Freddy Fender Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution The McGuire Sisters The Catcher in the Rye Liza of Lambeth Spanish verbs Sleeping Murder Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy Carnival The Amber Spyglass Happiness ITV 97.3 Forth One Spidey Super Stories The Amazing Race Can't Hardly Wait Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Tina Turner National Football League It's Walky! The Beatles discography Weekend EastEnders Columbine High School massacre Westheimer Street Festival Donovan Watkins Glen International Theory of conduct What a Way to Go! Wedding Crashers Viva La Bam Tupac Shakur Futurama (TV series - season 5) The Lone Ranger Birthday My Family (television) Suspicion (film) Indianapolis 500 Current teachings of Prem Rawat Knots Landing Friends The Apprentice 2 Another Side of Bob Dylan Thinks ... Darwin from Descent of Man to Emotions The O.C. Ty Cobb John Sheridan (Babylon 5) The Contender (television series) George Burns The Human Stain Humphrey Bogart Negima Care Bears History of SNL:1980-1985 2004 Republican National Convention K' Phil Collins Soap opera Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Ai Yori Aoshi Thanksgiving Scientology beliefs and practices Good Morning, Vietnam Loneliness Married... with Children Johnny 5 Azumanga Daioh Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (song) Graham Kennedy Tag Charles Darwin's illness Velvet Revolution Rich Mullins George Michael American Idiot 