does anyone play fantasy football for money there are lots of websites that offer money leagues they are easy to find there are some online leagues that require entry fees to play there are guys who enter these leagues and they will go in with a few guys on a team one guy will be a qb coach another will be rb coach and so on one of the leagues last year gave out a grand prize check out wcoff com UEFA Champions League National Football League Denis Law League Cup American football Baseball Portsmouth F.C. The Football League Real Madrid Kansas City Chiefs Jim Thorpe National Hockey League All-Star Game Paintball Bundesliga (football) Electronic sports Buffalo Bills S.League J. League FC Rostov Advance fee fraud Rugby league Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles 2004-05 in English football F.C. United of Manchester Australian Football League Crystal Palace F.C. Gustavo Kuerten Online poker Essendon Football Club Club Am__rica Leeds United F.C. IFK G__teborg Major League Soccer American Football League R.S.C. Anderlecht National Rugby League George Halas World Football League San Diego Chargers Canadian Football League Ice hockey Perth Glory Super League (Australia) Melbourne Football Club Torquay United F.C. NBA Finals NFL Europe Richmond Football Club Norway national football team Troms__ I.L. Green Bay Packers Gabriel Batistuta Northern League (baseball) Amateurism Playoff Oregon State University San Francisco 49ers Rugby football Football (soccer) Minor league baseball Super Bowl XXVI Hugo S__nchez Big East Conference Association of Tennis Professionals South Australian National Football League Rugby league in Russia Super Bowl Wales national rugby union team United States Football League Coach (sport) New York Giants Sid Gillman Montreal Canadiens Canterbury Bulldogs National Basketball Association MMORPG George Steinbrenner FA Premier League Football Wayne Rooney Canadian football Minnesota Vikings Kevin Keegan Nottingham Forest F.C. Ray Harford Hank Stram Jupiler League Marco van Basten Cincinnati Bengals Terry Venables England national rugby union team Major League Baseball Poker tournament Aston Villa F.C. Collingwood Football Club National Hockey League Super Bowl XXVII Major League Baseball All-Star Game Team Fortress Classic Turkish Football Federation 