fantasy football help does yahoo offer fantasy football keeper leagues i can't find how to start one thanks yahoo doesn't offer keeper leagues but you can start a regular league and roll it over every year at the end of the season you just have to tell the other league managers that they have to keep or however many you decide players for the following year when the following year comes post the keepers so no one forgets and make sure gm's draft their keepers first if you have an on line draft National Football League Major League Baseball Peter Shilton Canadian football Pittsburgh Steelers Carolina Panthers New York Knicks American football Super Bowl XXVII St. Louis Rams Chicago Bulls NFL Draft Oakland Athletics Kansas City Chiefs Fantasy football (American) Alex Ferguson The Football League Buffalo Bills Draft (sports) American Football League Tennessee Titans Playoff National Hockey League All-Star Game Fantasy baseball Indiana Pacers Tampa Bay Buccaneers Los Angeles Clippers World Football League Dan Marino Dallas Cowboys Cleveland Browns Aston Villa F.C. National Basketball Association New England Patriots 2004-05 in English football Detroit Red Wings Oakland Raiders Detroit Lions Toronto Raptors Australian Football League Scottish Premier League Super Bowl IX New York Giants International League Major League Baseball All-Star Game Toronto Blue Jays Baltimore Ravens British Columbia Lions Kerry Collins Football in Sweden Troy Glaus Canadian Football League Rugby league Essendon Football Club Chris Woods Chelsea F.C. Forfar Athletic F.C. Rugby union Major League Soccer Ray Harford Wimbledon F.C. Football (soccer) New York Islanders Newcastle United F.C. Pittsburgh Penguins IFK G__teborg San Francisco 49ers Luton Town F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Gordon Banks Nottingham Forest F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Ottawa Senators Arena Football League Minor league baseball Bundesliga (football) Ray Clemence Super Bowl X Troms__ I.L. May 2005 in sports Denver Broncos Leeds United F.C. Club Am__rica Real Madrid Miami Dolphins R.S.C. Anderlecht South Australian National Football League NBA Draft Stanley Cup John Aldridge Women's National Basketball Association New York Mets St. Louis Cardinals Tommy Maddox Super Bowl XXV NFL Europe Yao Ming 