who would you recommend as a goalie in my telegraph fantasy football team its actually english soccer sorry guys george bush or hilary clinton Hillary Rodham Clinton Football (soccer) Goalkeeper Indoor soccer Table football University of Texas at Austin Montreal Canadiens Water polo Super Mario Strikers American football Bill Clinton Goaltender Football Federation Australia Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics Texas A&M University Football Sport Lacrosse University of Miami Major League Soccer Women's football (soccer) Yale University David Beckham George W. Bush Rugby football Channel One News Toronto Maple Leafs Hilary Duff University of South Carolina Soccer mom Soccer in Australia The Football League Super Bowl XXXIX May 2005 in Britain and Ireland Premier Soccer League English people National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States George H. W. Bush Washington Redskins United States national rugby union team FA Premier League Hooliganism United States men's national soccer team Professional sports Blitzball Chivas de Guadalajara Chelsea F.C. Pro Football Hall of Fame Ipswich Town F.C. Indiana State University Football World Cup College football Arsenal F.C. National Soccer League (Australia) New Hampshire primary Goal (ice hockey) United States women's national soccer team U.S. presidential election, 2000 Football in the United Kingdom J. R. R. Tolkien New Zealand Knights Football Club Bush family conspiracy theory San Jose Sharks Concordia University 1992-93 NHL season 2004-05 in English football Netherlands national football team Canada men's national soccer team Football at the 1900 Summer Olympics George Weah Gaelic football Southern United States U.S. presidential election, 2008 Portsmouth F.C. University of Arkansas Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Norman Mineta President of the United States Gerald Ford Jack Kemp Street football U.S. presidential election, 1992 Stockton, California National Hockey League All-Star Game Texas Tech University Iraq disarmament crisis Leeds United F.C. West Virginia University Project for the New American Century Perth Glory Jacques Plante Brazil national football team George Voinovich Chad Michael Murray FedEx Field Football World Cup 2002 Defender (football) John Ashcroft 