Leucine dose response in the reduction of urea production from septic proteolysis and in the stimulation of acute-phase proteins.
 The administration of branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) has been proved useful in reducing both urea nitrogen production and muscle proteolysis in trauma patients with sepsis, but the optimum infusion rate to achieve these effects is still in question.
 In this prospective randomized study, a group of 16 posttrauma patients with sepsis received a branched chain-enriched (BCAA = 49.4%) amino acid mixture (8 patients; 120 observations) or a standard amino acid infusion (BCAAs = 15.5%; 8 patients; 227 observations).
 Total calories, percent lipid calories, and amino acid nitrogen administration were not different in the two groups.
 Each patient was studied at 8-hour intervals for the plasma levels of amino acids, six hepatic acute-phase proteins, albumin, and other metabolic parameters, including urinary urea nitrogen and 3-methylhistidine excretion.
 The total intake of each amino acid and its clearance were calculated and the dose of leucine during each 8-hour period was related to the leucine clearance, plasma acute-phase protein levels, and the urinary production of urea and 3-methylhistidine, as an indicator of proteolysis.
 The results show a significant (r2 = 0.691; p less than 0.0001) reduction of urea nitrogen production and proteolysis as a function of the increase in leucine dose.
 The identification of a critical mean rate of leucine infusion has been derived from the analysis of the significant linear correlation between leucine intake and leucine clearance (r2 = 0.594; p less than 0.0001).
 Significant positive correlations between the leucine intake dose and the platelet count (r2 = 0.402; p less than 0.0001), the plasma fibrinogen level (r2 = 0.218; p less than 0.0001), and the regression-derived sum of six acute-phase proteins plus albumin (r2 = 0.696; p less than 0.0001) were found.
 The increase in leucine clearance was progressively less marked above a mean daily leucine intake rate of 1.4 mumol/kg/min, which also appeared to be the dose level that maximized the acute-phase protein and coagulation effects and reduced proteolysis and urea nitrogen production, suggesting that this is a critical BCAA infusion rate at which an optimum leucine effect occurs.
 From these data a BCAA (leucine) dose nomogram has been derived.
