can anybody suggest good english novels which are famous old and new fiction and non fiction both three men in a boat three men on the bummel jerome k jerome treasure island robert louis stevenson he was actually scottish jamaica inn daphne du murier the crow road ian banks hound of the baskervilles arthur conan doyle a study in scarlet the sign of four the valley of fear alice in wonderland cs lewis the hobbit jr tolkien the wind in the willows kenneth grahame Sherlock Holmes Arthur Conan Doyle Robert Louis Stevenson Dr. Watson The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen History of modern literature British literature Hobbit Detective fiction Edinburgh Kingsley Amis Treasure Island The Hound of the Baskervilles Middle-earth River Thames Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Arthur Machen Pen name History of fantasy J. R. R. Tolkien Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Academy Award for Original Music Score Canon (fiction) Timeline of fictional historical events Lewis Carroll Fantasy film J. M. Barrie Academy Award for Best Picture Victorian literature Alfred Hitchcock Steampunk Shaw Festival Academy Award for Directing Professor Moriarty Alice Liddell Dartmoor John Dickson Carr Richard Aldington Fictional country Seventy-ninth United States Congress Jerome K. Jerome A Study in Scarlet C. S. Lewis Anthony Burgess Crime fiction Cthulhu mythos reference codes and bibliography The Sign of Four Birmingham Spy fiction Iain Banks The Fellowship of the Ring Sixty-seventh United States Congress Wizard The Hobbit Mervyn Peake The Valley of Fear Musical theater Mythopoeic Awards Seventieth United States Congress Eighty-second United States Congress Orc (Middle-earth) Seventy-sixth United States Congress Daphne du Maurier Conan the Barbarian 221B Baker Street Gandalf George MacDonald Retcon Seventy-eighth United States Congress Whodunit Seventy-fifth United States Congress Tolkien fandom Lin Carter University of London Young adult literature One Ring Sherlock Holmes in the 22nd Century A. A. Milne Gothic novel Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics Scottish literature John Baskerville The Lord of the Rings Blackbeard Bree (Middle-earth) George Orwell Irish people The Rutles Nicholas Williams Swift Vets and POWs for Truth MacArthur Foundation Sixty-eighth United States Congress William Shatner The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (film) The Wind in the Willows Languages of Middle-earth Pulp magazine Walt Disney 