a murder mystery question i am writing a murder mystery script for a local dramatics society does anyone have any hints or tips for how to set out the script i'v written novels before but never a script http www writing world com screen index shtml there is an article titled from novel to screenplay the challenges of adaptation that seems to be exactly what you're looking for there is also a section on that site that is on general mystery writing Miss Marple Screenplay Neil Gaiman John Dickson Carr Sunset Boulevard (1950 film) Ajax (programming) Paul W. S. Anderson Cross site scripting Screenwriter Screenwriting Star Trek, other storylines Crime fiction Uniform Resource Locator Crime film Apache HTTP Server WGA screenwriting credit system HTML element HyperText Transfer Protocol The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Adaptation. JavaServer Pages Chinese character CPU cache CPAN Phishing Chuck Palahniuk You Only Live Twice Stanley Kubrick American Psycho Python programming language Isaac Asimov Mystery fiction Anthony Horowitz HTTP cookie Ellery Queen The Spy Who Loved Me Murder, She Wrote Ronald D. Moore Joss Whedon Wget Arabic alphabet Xenosaga Whodunit Sherlock Holmes Halo (video game series) Bernard Quatermass Robert van Gulik Harlan Ellison Doctor Who spin-offs Nigel Kneale Gore Vidal J. Michael Straczynski Genre fiction Agatha Christie Arthur C. Clarke James Bond Hammer Film Productions Star Trek: Generations Ancient Egypt I, Robot (film) Troy Kennedy Martin Development hell William Goldman Doctor (Doctor Who) P. C. Doherty Unix P. D. James Hello world program Writing system Typeface Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Academy Award for Writing Original Screenplay Evan Hunter Dorothy L. Sayers Hebrew language And Then There Were None Thunderball Satyajit Ray Frank Herbert Punctuation Lights Out (radio show) Transliteration The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) Edgar Wallace Myst Paul Abbott PHP Internet Tom Stoppard Merlin (wizard) Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Len Wein The Foundation Series DC Comics James Blish Ayn Rand I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Writers Guild of America William Shakespeare Cyrillic alphabet 