is the harry potter story real before answering read page of the seventh book it all depends do you believe in fairies peter pan of course you do it's called make believe or having a sense of adventure i enjoy star trek star wars etc but the most humbling of all make believes are the stories that were told by our parents at bedtime no matter which its nice to dream there is so much violence that we adults have created through our own thoughts and deeds it's time we started giving our children alittle adventure and fantasy with something like star wars star trek and of course harry potter enid blyton stories and of course alittle disney goes along way the famous five disney etc Enid Blyton Children's literature Fan fiction Peter Pan Harry Potter Alice's Adventures in Wonderland The Chronicles of Narnia Canon (fiction) Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Predestination paradox Harry Potter (character) Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Novel Slash fiction Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) The Famous Five (characters) Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Fictional character Wizard Bill Peet Star Wars Harry Potter in translation J. K. Rowling Science fiction on television Elf J. R. R. Tolkien Beatrix Potter FoxTrot Fantasy film Sequel Transactional analysis Don Rosa Sherlock Holmes Detective fiction Scrooge McDuck Neil Gaiman Fairy tale Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Fairy Mary Sue James and Lily Potter Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Literature Donald Duck The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Star Trek Doctor Who spin-offs Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Sirius Black Infant baptism 22nd century Narcissism Care Bears Messiahs in fiction and fantasy L. Frank Baum Moby-Dick Shrek 2 Magical objects in Harry Potter Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) Alice Liddell John Williams (composer) Ginny Weasley Storytelling Pinocchio Disney's California Adventure Diana Wynne Jones Nintendo GameCube Game Boy Advance cable Deus ex machina Hermione Granger Magic (Harry Potter) Cyberchase Star Trek: New Frontier Shaggy dog story Robin Hood R.A.B. Space opera Ewoks: The Battle for Endor Diane Duane Harry Potter newspapers and magazines Motion picture rating system T'Pol Lewis Carroll Gnome Sybill Trelawney Harlan Ellison Tiny Toon Adventures James Blish Minor Hufflepuffs The Fairly OddParents The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Spoiler (media) Pixar C. S. Lewis Roald Dahl Magic Kingdom 7 (number) Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Warner Bros. 