in charlotte bronte's jane eyre why are the names of specific locations omitted for example she will write the name of a village or town as n this is something that you often find in novels of this era one possible reason is that she hadn't decided on a final location when the book was published the second more likely reason is that she actually knew the village she was writing about and was afraid the villagers might feel intimidated by the stories and intrigues that she created Charlotte Bront__ Novel Romance novel Wuthering Heights Fan fiction Governess The Eyre Affair Pen name History of modern literature Comic book The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Victorian literature Emily Bront__ Fictional character Big Read Doctor Who spin-offs Elizabeth Gaskell Children's literature William Makepeace Thackeray Fahrenheit 451 Darwin from Orchids to Variation Miss Marple Ann Radcliffe Robert Holmes Ye Shengtao C. S. Lewis Iris Murdoch Genre fiction The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary to Quintessential Phases Ursula K. Le Guin Shaggy dog story Gene Wolfe Orson Scott Card Branwell Bront__ Robert A. Heinlein Agatha Christie Charles Keeping Biblical canon Mary Jane Watson Nichiren Villette (novel) C. J. Cherryh Isaac Asimov History of science fiction British literature English literature Orson Welles Night (book) George Moore (novelist) Tom Wolfe Peter David Franco-Belgian comics Indian writing in English Cleckheaton Ultimate Spider-Man Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Charades Charlotte Turner Smith Rabindranath Tagore Brigadoon Final Fantasy IV Hey Jude The Chronicles of Narnia St. Lawrence County, New York Jane's Addiction Time Out of Mind John Gardner (thriller writer) Bradford Charlotte's Web American comic book Paperinik Pride and Prejudice Another World (TV series) Wolfrider Frank Herbert Mary Poppins Aldous Huxley Star Trek, other storylines Witches (Discworld) Scenes from a Memory Dewsbury Canon (fiction) The Foundation Series Keighley Sarah Jane Smith Fanny Burney Square Co., Ltd. Modesty Blaise Lolita Escape of Charles II Gulliver's Travels L. Frank Baum Real person fiction Ages of Myst Sleeping Murder J. Michael Straczynski 