what are some really good teen fiction books cry of the icemark by stuart hill blade of fire by stuart hill east by edith pattou those three books are really good everyone whom i've recommended cry of the icemark and blade of fire has loved it hope you like them Young adult literature Hank Williams John McDouall Stuart Soap opera Dante (Devil May Cry) Academy Award for Costume Design Battle of Gettysburg Edith Wharton Jesse Stuart I Love the 90s: Part Deux Branch Davidian Stuart Smalley Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening Sonya Blade Good Charlotte K. W. Jeter Battle of Chancellorsville The Crying of Lot 49 Knife J. R. R. Tolkien Atlas Comics (1950s) Blade Runner Jack London Edith Bunker Viewtiful Joe Battle of Gettysburg, Second Day The Cure Pickett's Charge Far Cry E. Nesbit Alice Liddell Jim Bowie Charles Edward Stuart Mad Money Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Neighbours Gettysburg Campaign Kurt Vonnegut I Love the 90s The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll A*Teens Edith Pargeter Cambridge C. S. Lewis 1990s in film Force (Star Wars) Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Thomas Pynchon Frank Herbert Timeline of alternative rock Teen Girl Squad Axe The Suffering (game) Krag-Petersson Mandy Moore Reservoir Dogs Characters in the Southern Victory series The Baroque Cycle Edith Roosevelt Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress Lightsaber Freddy Fender J.E.B. Stuart Sword of Truth Placebo (band) Hagbard and Signy Drizzt Do'Urden Blade (comics) Rahsaan Roland Kirk Coheed and Cambria Elizabeth Barrett Browning Cape of Good Hope Traci Lords Hermione Granger The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Slayers Hyakujuu Sentai GaoRanger Manifest Destiny Teknoman Vangelis Identity Crisis (comics) Devil May Cry Baltimore, Maryland Blue __yster Cult Sola fide Jonathan Lethem Allan W. Eckert Flash (comics) Twelve Swords of Power Picnic at Hanging Rock Susan Hill __dith Piaf Irish fiction Science fiction Scorpion (Mortal Kombat) Harry Potter James Dobson Toxteth Fight Club Vincent Price 