what is a good science fiction topic to create a story around what about sci fi inspires you what type of stories books do you enjoy sci fi is not always easy if you develope new worlds you have a lot of little things to remember and rename trying to keep the names within the realm of your readers understanding if you do end of the world you have to account for this even in a logical way if you do alien invasion well you get the idea and like all genre's theres lots of ways to go and lots of worlds to explore just do what you like and enjoy the trip Science fiction Science Science fiction film Arthur C. Clarke Frank Herbert Mathematics Fantasy subgenres Fantasy Logic Sci Fi Channel (United States) History of science fiction Fictional universe Extreme Programming Robert A. Heinlein C. J. Cherryh Extraterrestrial life in popular culture Physics Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Space: Above and Beyond Aristotle Ontological argument A. E. van Vogt Science fiction magazine Earthsea Church of Christ, Scientist Grant Morrison Legacy of Kain Genre fiction Computer Hard science fiction Falsifiability Theory of conduct Conspiracy theory Reincarnation The Chronicles of Amber Literature Kim Stanley Robinson Paragliding Fictional character Theodicy Alternative history (fiction) Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Immortality Reality Steampunk 2000 AD (comic) Meaning of life Moby-Dick Usenet J. R. R. Tolkien Crime fiction Intelligent design Science fiction on television The nature of God in Western theology Ringworld Crime film Ghost in the Shell Tripping the Rift Ursula K. Le Guin Anarcho-primitivism The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Horror film Cognitive science Vernor Vinge Fan fiction Abduction Phenomenon Isaac Asimov Space Quest A Course In Miracles Creation according to Genesis Interactive fiction Non-fiction Bogdanov Affair Object-oriented programming Firefly (television series) Trip distribution Alien invasion Metaphysics Karl Popper Doctor Who spin-offs Tolkien fandom String theory Narrator Lisp programming language Economics Quotation Scientific skepticism Music genre Cyberspace Hermeneutics Summa Theologiae Philosophy of language Biology Hollow Earth Sliders Miyamoto Musashi A New Kind of Science Francis Crick 