number of books in the woof series by wendy loggia wondering i used to like that series was there any more than books can you also give me some good juivinile fiction books about dogs ages to please for my little sisters you're right about the woof series there's only books in that series some recommendations of books about dogs one really cute book about a dog is called wuffy the wonder dog by margaret morgan the book has short stories about wuffy the dog and his best friend elizabeth here's a link with more info http www amazon com wuffy wonder dog margaret morgan dp ref sr ie utf s books qid sr one of my favorites is ginger pye by eleanor estes it's about a very smart dog named ginger jerry pye is his owner and when ginger is kidnapped jerry and his sister rachel search for ginger desperately but it is their young uncle bennie that saves the day and ginger it's a very sweet book and i think perfect for your younger sisters here's a link with more info http www amazon com ginger oxford childrens modern classics dp ref pd bbs sr ie utf s books qid sr good luck and happy reading to you Just William Spot the Dog Ginger Rogers Newbery Honor The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) One Life to Live Knots Landing Newbery Medal Ren and Stimpy Kodocha Margaret Atwood Our Gang Dog The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Martin Amis General Hospital J. D. Salinger Neil Gaiman CatDog Media and ethnicity AFI 100 Years series Tom and Jerry (MGM) The Catcher in the Rye Care Bears World Wide Web Sin City Indiana Jones Swallows and Amazons Where's Wally? Ginger As Told By Ginger Maison Ikkoku The Fairly OddParents Captain Marvel (DC Comics) Unicode Tony Award for Best Musical Dark Shadows John of England Characters of Naruto Friends HyperText Transfer Protocol Guiding Light Children's television series Amazon.com Josie and the Pussycats (comic) Eleanor of Aquitaine Dean Koontz Casper the Friendly Ghost J. R. R. Tolkien Donovan Cat FoxTrot Stage name Timeline of alternative rock Rocko's Modern Life Jack London The Inside Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire Line of succession to the British Throne Doctor Emmett Brown Bernice Summerfield Marilyn Manson Bill Gaither Anne Boleyn The Famous Five (characters) Chuck Cunningham syndrome Uniform Resource Locator Breed registry Ginger Lynn C. S. Lewis Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor Anne Rice Avatar: The Last Airbender The Family from One End Street Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers Alice Liddell Family Matters (TV series) Dog agility Boy Meets World Dragon Ball Oliver and Company R.O.D the TV Elvis Presley Humphrey Bogart Gargoyles (animated series) Mary Marvel M*A*S*H (TV series) Hilary Duff Lady Frances Brandon Little House on the Prairie Charmed Elizabeth I of England College Roomies from Hell!!! Invader Zim 101 Dalmatians: The Series Rodgers and Hammerstein The Man from U.N.C.L.E. Apprenticeship Animaniacs 