semi finale harry potter v s eragon pick which one you want to win winner gets pts well it really depends on who's answering this question people that have only read harry potter will most likely vote for harry potter but if you've only read eragon you'll vote for eragon since i've never read eragon i'll have to vote for harry potter but who knows if i do ever read eragon i may need to change my vote Harry Potter: Book Seven Eragon (character) Harry Potter Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Dennis Potter Harry Potter (character) Bush v. Gore Basketball at the 2004 Summer Olympics R.A.B. Severus Snape Minor Ravenclaws Magical objects in Harry Potter Minor characters associated with Quidditch Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game) Dream Job (Season 2) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone British Academy of Film and Television Arts Carvahall Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Eragon Big Read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Jim Harris (politician) Bayes' theorem Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Opinion poll $ale of the Century Minor Hufflepuffs Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Miranda Richardson Harry Potter newspapers and magazines Neville Longbottom Minor Slytherins Pixar Hogwarts Houses Blood purity (Harry Potter) The Contender (television series) Survivor (TV series) Boston Bruins Cho Chang Quidditch Films that have been considered the greatest ever Julie Walters Fictional character Millwall F.C. The Apprentice 2 High fantasy James and Lily Potter Michael Gambon U.S. presidential election, 2000 Jeopardy! Eldest Eurovision Song Contest 2005 The Weakest Link Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Hogwarts Match Game Reach for the Top Playoff Dumbledore's Army 2002-03 in English football Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix John Major Big Brother (USA TV series) New Zealand at the 2004 Summer Olympics Murtagh Parliament of Canada Beatrix Potter Rita Skeeter Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (video game) U.S. Electoral College Firenze (Harry Potter) J. K. Rowling Luna Lovegood Wizarding world 3-2-1 Derby County F.C. Nymphadora Tonks Slavic fairies Dream Job (Season 1) Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. New Zealand Parliament Tic-Tac-Dough Wheel of Fortune Literature Relatives of Harry Potter Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) Tom Riddle's diary Professor Quirrell Green Party of Canada Occlumency Toronto Maple Leafs Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 1946 Emma Watson Horace Slughorn 