hey anime lovers can i ask is there a second season for ouran highschool host club thanks thanks for answering ouran h s season had already been debated and sadly there wouldn't be a season partly because the anime already gave a socalled ending compared to the manga secondly the producer doesn't give any sign of producing a second season maybe when the manga is already finished and there is already a conclusion to whether to whom haruhi would be paired with will there be a second season but many says that it wouldn't have a season anymore Chuang Yi Major League Baseball television contracts Tenjho Tenge Oh My Goddess! Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) The Big O Kodocha Trigun Rurouni Kenshin Tokyo Mew Mew Playoff format Dragon Ball canon Watford F.C. Manga Torquay United F.C. Trailer Park Boys Yu-Gi-Oh! Hey Jude Minako Aino Denis Law Berserk Cardcaptor Sakura The Prince of Tennis Charmed Naruto (manga) Ryo Bakura President (game) Hellsing Philadelphia 76ers Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch New York Knicks Gantz Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo Galaxy Angel Satchel Paige City Hunter Yuri (animation) Jeopardy! Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Chicago White Sox Sailor Moon Kurt Cobain Pitaten Bart chalkboard gags Alex Ferguson Bubblegum Crisis Kannazuki no Miko Hentai Too Short a Season (TNG episode) Anderson Cooper Education in Romania Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist Tenchi Muyo! Ren and Stimpy The Beach Boys Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Magic Knight Rayearth Family Feud Detroit Tigers Paul Ince National Football League The Joker's Wild Characters of Naruto Tsunami Channel 1994 baseball strike Neon Genesis Evangelion Manchester United F.C. Friends Ipswich Town F.C. Makoto Kino Boston Bruins Otakon Time Out of Mind Digimon Digimon: Digital Monsters (anime) Ranma __ characters Wheel of Fortune Great Teacher Onizuka Leicester City F.C. Anime Misty (Pok__mon) Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters Everton F.C. The Football League Chobits Science fiction on television YuYu Hakusho Babe Ruth New York Americans Houston Astros Revolutionary Girl Utena DC Animated Universe West Bromwich Albion F.C. Bastard!! Hikaru no Go David Beckham Birmingham City F.C. Ken Jennings Manchester United 1986-1999 