here's a baseball scenario help plz ok say this happens teams in the same division finish w the same record lets say then a nother third team from a different division same league finishes w that very same record so there r teams w a record of teams in a st place tie in division a nother team in a nother division important the third team is not in st place in their division say now that these teams r in a way tie the wild card what happens does the rd team win the wild card the other teams tied first just play a series decide who advances or do the teams tied st place just go whoevr has the better divisional record gets st the wild card goes the other or sumthing else happens from a september mlb com press release as a point of clarification if three clubs finish the season with the same winning percentage and one team will be a division winner and another will be the wild card the games will be played as follows the two teams tied for the division lead will play the one game tie breaker with the winner being declared the division champion the losing team will then play the club from the other division for the wild card Playoff International League Wild card Toronto Blue Jays World Series Playoff format Boston Red Sox St. Louis Cardinals Major League Baseball 2005 World Series NFL playoffs San Francisco Giants Florida Marlins Bundesliga (football) National Football League championships Houston Astros Cleveland Indians 2005 English cricket season National Football League Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim FA Cup Chicago Cubs The Football League UEFA Champions League Bowl Championship Series New York Yankees Oakland Athletics Miami Dolphins Milwaukee Brewers Troms__ I.L. Buffalo Bills Montr__al Expos Japanese baseball Atlanta Braves Cincinnati Bengals Cincinnati Reds Super Bowl XXII New England Patriots Cleveland Browns Philadelphia Phillies Baltimore Orioles Los Angeles Dodgers Indianapolis Colts Pittsburgh Pirates New York Mets Minnesota Twins Baseball statistics New York Knicks Hank Aaron Pete Rose Super Bowl XXXIV New York Giants Barry Bonds Troy Glaus Mario Lemieux Primera Divisi__n Argentina Houston Rockets Alex Ferguson October 4 in baseball Major League Baseball All-Star Game R.S.C. Anderlecht Chelsea F.C. National Hockey League Red Sox Nation Kansas City Chiefs Sudden death Arizona Cardinals Tampa Bay Devil Rays 2002-03 NHL season Cork City F.C. 2004 World Series Baltimore Ravens Kansas City Royals League Cup 1986 World Series Super Bowl X Jeopardy! NBA Finals September 2005 in sports San Diego Padres Everton F.C. Reggie Jackson Ipswich Town F.C. Derby County F.C. National Hockey League All-Star Game NFL playoffs, 2002-03 The Joker's Wild West Bromwich Albion F.C. 1987-88 NHL season IFK G__teborg Super Bowl XXVII 