what is the largest size cup i can get to protect myself in high school yeh i am a big one but i saw my neighbor's cup and it is sure a mini maybe your neighbors was for pee wee football lol there are a variety of cup sizes that are available go to your local sporting goods store and pick one out remember the goal is for it to be snug and protect buying a large size to impress won't help protect you and won't be comfortable Norway national football team Football World Cup 2002 Football World Cup Futebol Clube do Porto Lacrosse Football (soccer) Football World Cup 1994 Rugby union Troms__ I.L. American football Chelsea F.C. UEFA Champions League Torquay United F.C. Pee Wee Reese League Cup David Beckham Portsmouth F.C. Manchester United F.C. Gabriel Batistuta Germany national football team FA Cup Rugby football Stanford University Viking F.K. Australian rules football Ultimate (sport) Blackburn Rovers F.C. Football World Cup 1986 Oldham Athletic A.F.C. All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Cable television Kevin Keegan Toronto Maple Leafs Football World Cup 1990 Football records in England Football World Cup 1974 Bundesliga (football) Australia national football team British Home Championship Football World Cup 1978 Cranford, New Jersey Kick Off Asian Cup 2004 Football World Cup 1970 Australian Football League Dairy Playoff Dundee United F.C. Football World Cup 1950 Sport in the United Kingdom Football World Cup 1982 Teddy Sheringham Canadian football Jari Litmanen Los Angeles Kings R.S.C. Anderlecht Celtic F.C. Wayne Gretzky Bobby Charlton Paul Reubens 2004-05 in English football FC Barcelona Brazil national football team England national football team BMW Los Angeles Dodgers Forfar Athletic F.C. Frank Lampard Football World Cup 2006 (qualification) Aston Villa F.C. Pel__ Piedmont, California Perth, Western Australia Dennis Bergkamp John Motson Football World Cup 1954 Rangers F.C. Cork City F.C. Raith Rovers F.C. The Football League FC Shakhtar Donetsk S.K. Brann Liverpool F.C. Football World Cup 1998 Sports betting Stanley Cup Clive Allen Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Diego Maradona Poker jargon Rugby Union World Cup History of rugby union Arsenal F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Football World Cup 1962 Japan national rugby union team Rugby league Elgin City F.C. Steve McManaman 