check out my poems on myspace www myspace com johnmalmborgpoetry there are five there www myspace com johnmalmborgpoetry thats how the question should read i would have loved to review your poems but posting poems on myspace is not the same as posting one poem at a time in ya if you decide to post them in here i'll be happy to give you detailed reviews as will many others the good news is that you'll be able to ask us what we think of your poems times don't be lazy show us what you got MySpace Eli Siegel Anne Rice Nine Inch Nails Charles Bukowski E. E. Cummings Barbra Streisand Ann Coulter W. H. Auden John Berryman The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Jorge Luis Borges Ella Wheeler Wilcox Legal research J. R. R. Tolkien The Standard News Corporation Apology (Plato) Fahrenheit 9/11 Extraordinary Machine C. S. Lewis Current teachings of Prem Rawat Plame affair timeline Wendy Cope B3ta Samuel Beckett Killian documents Entertainment Weekly George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron The New York Times Something Awful Tiffany (singer) Len Xanga Slashdot subculture Otakon The Washington Post Gregg Alexander Emily Dickinson Harold Bloom Fraudcast News Oscar Wilde Domain Name System Eugene Onegin "Weird Al" Yankovic The Skeptical Environmentalist Jani Lane Social software The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Bill Bissett Ex-gay Daphne Loves Derby I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Theory of conduct Sonnet The Smashing Pumpkins John Titor Miguel de Cervantes Thomas Hardy T. S. Eliot Gia Carangi The Emancipation of Mimi KMFDM Sappho Poetry William Shakespeare Treehouse of Horror II Hanshan Downing Street memo Bbc.co.uk The Distillers Compiler optimization Book of Job Innocence: Ghost in the Shell Aesthetic Realism Walt Whitman Vladimir Nabokov The Princeton Review Bj__rn Lomborg Guantanamo Bay The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show The Hobbit Jasmine Trias Robert Graves True Crime: Streets of LA Four Quartets Bernard Williams Fort Minor Siegfried Sassoon James Forrestal Tommy Atkins Ashlee Simpson Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide Donovan Functional programming House of Leaves Jeff Gannon Richard Aldington Sharon Tate 