best poems' subjects love or life or friendship or death or what would attract you more as a theme to read and like a poem a mixture of love and death there are a few poems that come to mind with this and they are some of my favorite poems there is porphyria's lover by robert browning here is a link to it http www scholars nus edu sg landow victorian authors rb porphyria html i also really liked another poem that i can't remember the title or the author to that goes along those lines there is such juxtaposition in those subjects that causes a strange harmony Robert Browning Porphyria T. S. Eliot Vampire Iliad William Shakespeare HyperText Transfer Protocol English poetry Ralph Waldo Emerson John Berryman Elizabeth Barrett Browning Victorian literature Lyric poetry William Wordsworth Arabic literature Victor Hugo The Tale of Genji Samuel Taylor Coleridge Dmitri Shostakovich Charles Dickens Percy Bysshe Shelley Arthur Machen Tibullus English literature Poetry Ella Wheeler Wilcox Michael Drayton Ancient Greek literature Byzantine Literature Slashdot subculture Time Out of Mind Theocritus Robert Gould World Wide Web Joseph Addison Tao Te Ching Christopher Marlowe Robert Burns Charles Bukowski All My Children Japanese poetry C. S. Lewis William Butler Yeats William Carlos Williams Sappho Uniform Resource Locator D. H. Lawrence H.P. Lovecraft Lancelot Clark Ashton Smith Plato Yehuda Halevi Siegfried Sassoon Richard Aldington Robert Schumann The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock Medieval French literature E. E. Cummings Love Anglo-Saxon literature Web server Miguel de Cervantes Neil Gaiman Walt Whitman Robert Frost Oscar Wilde Modernism W. H. Auden Robert A. Heinlein Edvard Munch Paradise Lost Tulsidas Aquemini Aleksandr Pushkin Italian literature Greek mythology Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky Homer Literary theory Ramakrishna Beowulf Guy Davenport The Divine Comedy Cupid and Psyche Lewis Carroll Website Ernest Hemingway Chicago (band) The Pied Piper of Hamelin Wget Singapore gay literature Hanshan Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Gospel Adam Mickiewicz Japanese literature John Keats Robert Southey Allen Ginsberg 