how do the bid and ask work for options i have shares of a stock and was thinking of doing a covered call to get some income if it was called away at the strike price i'd still be happy because i would make over a holding period return over months if the market and stock continue to decline or stay flat at least i have some income the bid and ask for the call option are and respectively does that mean that if i sell a call i get for each contract and if i buy a call it would cost for each contract assuming you buy or sell at the market then yes that would all be true by buying or selling at the market you're selling at the bid or buying at the ask sometimes called the offer you can use a limit order though and in this case you might want to try instead of entering your order to sell at the market and hoping you sell for you could put in a limit order to sell at or try to start by offering at you might not get the order executed but given the difference in premium it's worth a shot and one more point that first answer is wrong in regard to how the brokers make money they'll charge you a commission to execute the trade that spread between the bid and ask is a function of the market place it's generally proprietary traders that's why they're called market makers who seek to make money from the spread not brokers Football in England R.S.C. Anderlecht The Football League Football (soccer) Economy of Nigeria Bundesliga (football) West Ham United F.C. Chelsea F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Nigeria national football team Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Torquay United F.C. Primera Divisi__n Argentina Be__ikta__ Jimnastik Kul__b__ Gabriel Batistuta Vodafone Playoff Pel__ Football in Scotland FC Zwolle Troms__ I.L. Football World Cup Football in Sweden Victorian Football League Manchester United F.C. Gaelic Athletic Association Professional sports Portsmouth F.C. Football World Cup 2002 Gaelic football Football World Cup 1994 Teddy Sheringham Arsenal F.C. Australian rules football Rugby football FC Barcelona National Football League Charlton Athletic F.C. Football David Beckham Crystal Palace F.C. Football Conference SL Benfica Football in Poland Fulham F.C. Huddersfield Giants History of rugby league Cranford, New Jersey Football World Cup 2006 (qualification CAF) Football in the United Kingdom FA Premier League Rugby union Fitzroy Football Club Jupiler League Rugby league Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Kongsvinger I.L. Tag team Minor league baseball American football Championnat National University of Chicago AFC Wimbledon Leyton Orient F.C. Dundee United F.C. Fluminense Football Club Super League (Australia) Stade de France Campeonato Carioca FC Rostov Roberto Baggio Relegation Sheffield United F.C. Commonwealth of Nations Sport Hurling FIFA Series Football at the Summer Olympics UEFA Champions League World Class Championship Wrestling Celtic F.C. Olympiacos Perth Glory Stirling Albion F.C. PSV Eindhoven Wrexham A.F.C. Norway national football team Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Setanta Cup Sheffield Wednesday F.C. FK Partizan Rugby league in Russia NFL on television American Football League Serie A Madden NFL PFC Levski Sofia Championship Manager History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Derby County F.C. 