pts sunderland tottenham third player to touch the ball i thought i would make a harder question one where you have to think so who will be the third unique person to touch the ball from kick off me from http www babesandbet com bet over 's i better pray tottenham walk it if tottenham kick off jermaine jenas if sunderland kick off keiran richardson Tottenham Hotspur F.C. England national football team Norwich City F.C. FA Premier League 2005-06 West Bromwich Albion F.C. 2001-02 in English football Coventry City F.C. Tag Snooker Offside law (football) 2005-06 in English football Canadian football Penalty kick (football) FA Cup Baseball Football (soccer) Rugby union Punt (football) Norman Hunter History of Arsenal F.C. American football Rugby league Robbie Keane Indiana Pacers Super Bowl XXXI Corner kick Down (football) Gordon Banks Laws of the Game 2002-03 in English football Volleyball Alex Ferguson Laws of cricket Leigh Richmond Roose Drop kick Field hockey Australian rules football Serve (tennis) Tackle (football) Newcastle United F.C. Super Bowl XXXVI Glossary of American football Penalty (rugby) Football FA Premier League 1994-95 Water polo Line-out Sunderland A.F.C. Wigan Athletic F.C. Graeme Souness Rugby football Glenn Hoddle Swingout George Graham (footballer) 2003-04 in English football Four square Steve Nash PFA Young Player of the Year Comparison of Canadian and American football Eight ball Carolina Panthers Craps Penalty shootout (football) American football strategy Frank Lampard Indoor soccer Table tennis Rugby union positions World Series Onside kick Football records in England Goalkeeper Bomberman Basketball Leeds United F.C. Sandy Koufax Claudio Ranieri Circle (dance move) Baseball statistics Softball Super Bowl III Super Bowl XXXIX Golf glossary Asian Cup 2004 Uniform Resource Locator Nobby Stiles Football World Cup 1966 FA Premier League HyperText Transfer Protocol New York Giants Harrow Football Crystal Palace F.C. Aerial (dance move) Tennis Pete Rose Super Mario Bros. FA Premier League 2002-03 FIFA Series Eric Cartman Mario Bros. 