do we expect too much from our football team are they really that good or is having all the foreign players in the premiership having an impact on how the england football team perform i think our press and media hype our players and national team up too much we've got a very good squad but we have yet to have a manager to have the guts to develop them into the team any numbnut could pick top players in england but that doesnt mean you can get them to play together with a great team spirit its like our central defence sol and rio had a great partnership but that had to stop because terry became top dog and was put straight into first team but he makes a lot of mistakes for england believe me i like terry he puts his heart and soul into the game but how many times when we have a last minute corner does he jump all over the oppositions defence and ends up giving away a free kick he gets away with it in the prem but at international level the refs dont give a stuff who terry or anyone else of these overhyped players are it's like gerrard and lampard we cannot afford to have two attacking midfielders we need one to be free to attack and the other to cover him and be a playmaker in my opinion the best attacking midfielder is gerrard so either lampard stays back more or he makes way for a scholes hargreaves carrick for the sake of the team i really hope mcclaren persuades scholes to play in next years euros cause i really think he could make a difference i do think we expect a lot from the team but thats what happens when they allow themselves to be so overhyped i bet half of our great first team players wouldn't cope in another league as real great players can the only member of our squad that doesnt play in england is beckham so our players are in this little media bubble constantly saying how great they are and sadly believe it England national football team Frank Lampard David Beckham Norway national football team Alex Ferguson Football (soccer) positions Bryan Robson Steve McManaman Rugby union Alan Shearer American football Sol Campbell West Ham United F.C. Michael Owen Paul Ince Aston Villa F.C. Steven Gerrard Pittsburgh Steelers Football (soccer) Chelsea F.C. Bobby Charlton Paul Scholes FA Premier League 2003-04 Teddy Sheringham FIFA Series West Bromwich Albion F.C. FA Cup Jack Charlton Volleyball Australian rules football Nobby Stiles Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Geoff Hurst Coventry City F.C. Rangers F.C. Real Madrid Portugal national football team Harry Redknapp Claudio Ranieri FA Premier League 1995-96 Leeds United F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. Norwich City F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Tony Adams (footballer) FC Rostov Poker jargon Newcastle United F.C. Manchester United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Football culture Toronto Raptors Middlesbrough F.C. Super Bowl XXXI Brazil national football team Crystal Palace F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Cleveland Browns 1957 World Series Manchester United 1986-1999 Lee Dixon Blackburn Rovers F.C. Nicky Butt Glossary of American football Super Bowl XXXVIII Alan Ball (footballer) Rio Ferdinand Millwall F.C. David O'Leary New York Giants Ali Daei Essendon Football Club Gordon Banks Viv Anderson Wayne Rooney England national rugby union team Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles The Football League Steve Hodge John Terry Midfielder Kevin Keegan Queens Park Rangers F.C. Terry McDermott Peter Shilton Graeme Souness 