football fans do you prefer the strips of today or the plain ones from years ago without a doubt the plain ones not having all the sponsors plastered all over it especially the booze ones as seeing new born kids with carling or whyte mackay all over them does not look good in fact strips for babies should be outlawed it shows some kind of mental regression in the family if you think we are unlucky check out fc malmo's strip at the last count efes beer trophy against sevilla my mate and i lost count of how many sponsors were on the strip it was unbelievable possibly on shirt shorts and socks outrageous Hibernian F.C. FC Barcelona Sevilla FC England national rugby union team Social aspects of clothing Total Network Solutions F.C. New York Giants David Beckham Arsenal F.C. Baby Blues Real Betis Bayesian inference Rhyl F.C. Australian words The Football League Super Bowl Viv Anderson Garfield Undergrads Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Rangers F.C. Football (soccer) Celtic F.C. Evander Holyfield National Hockey League All-Star Game Sin City Epistemology Sinfest Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Cork City F.C. Viz (comic) Black tie The Beach Boys Salary cap Melbourne Football Club Torquay United F.C. Derby County F.C. Futebol Clube do Porto Kath & Kim Newcastle United F.C. Australian English Rock 'N' Sock Connection Local derby Mandrake the Magician Progressive Conservative candidates, 1953 Manitoba provincial election Cwmbran Town F.C. Everton F.C. 13 (number) Bart Simpson Emo The Simpsons Wales national rugby union team Alcoholics Anonymous Alcoholic beverage Yield curve Dirt track racing National Football League Ron and Fez Garth Brooks Malm__ Football League Trophy League Cup Comics Tennessee Titans The Fairly OddParents Indianapolis 500 MAD Magazine CA Osasuna Forfar Athletic F.C. Oswestry Town F.C. Blackjack American Bison FoxTrot Mickey Mouse Single Transferable Vote Fictional crossover Black Pete Huddersfield Giants Bangor City F.C. USC Trojans Football Hunter S. Thompson West Indian cricket team Infantilism Brian Close Southeastern Conference Steve McManaman Billy Bremner Weapons of Star Trek Sock FC Rostov Whyte notation Bruce Johnson Carl Jung Charlie Brown Undergarment Springfield Elementary School Married... with Children Paul Newman Doctor (Doctor Who) Care Bears 