any burnley fans on here how do you think they ll do i think we can get to the play offs this time put a fiver on andy gray to be top scorer if he stays injury free theres a good chance morning bullterriertaurus whilst it's very tempting for me to take the pi out of burnley i will instead give you my honest opinion both yourselves and the scum knob enders along with my beloved blackpool will finish mid table unless you get rid of steve cotterill i can't see you progressing much i think the guy has worked miracles for you especially after last seasons bad run but i think he has taken you as far as he can money for big wow signings again like ourselves will always be a major stumbling block i think we must settle for the 'we must make the best of a bad job' scenario it pains me to say but i think out of the three of us you lot will finish the highest maybe th ourselves th and the nobbers to flirt with relegation have a good season regardless see you on tour best wishes from the seaside Crystal Palace F.C. Burnley F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. FA Cup Alex Ferguson West Bromwich Albion F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers 2001-02 in English football The Football League Newcastle United F.C. Buffalo Bills Notts County F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Leeds United F.C. Andr__s Galarraga Manchester United F.C. Babe Ruth Denis Law Cheltenham Town F.C. Swindon Town F.C. 1957 World Series Nottingham Forest F.C. Cliff Britton Norway national football team Poker jargon New England Patriots President (game) West Ham United F.C. Peter Shilton IFK G__teborg Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Tranmere Rovers F.C. Bryan Robson Professional wrestling slang David O'Leary FA Premier League Jari Litmanen 2005 English cricket season Ken Jennings Troms__ I.L. Red Hot Chili Peppers Steve Coppell Sheffield United F.C. Chicago White Sox Minor league baseball Toronto Blue Jays New York Giants FA Premier League 2002-03 Boston Bruins Tris Speaker Orlando Magic History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Jack Charlton Leicester City F.C. Queen of the South F.C. Ian Wright Chicago Cubs FA Premier League 2001-02 David Beckham Chelsea F.C. Cleveland Browns Fulham F.C. Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Harry Redknapp Tony Stewart EastEnders Preston North End F.C. Gillingham F.C. Trevor Steven Boston Red Sox Detroit Red Wings Birmingham City F.C. Roger Clemens Big Brother (USA TV series) New York Knicks Gabriel Batistuta Oasis (band) New York Yankees Cincinnati Bengals Teddy Sheringham Los Angeles Kings Detroit Tigers English cricket team Chicago Bulls Dundee United F.C. Watford F.C. St. Louis Cardinals San Francisco 49ers Michael Owen New York Mets Blackburn Hawks Los Angeles Clippers Blackburn Rovers F.C. Australian cricket team Satchel Paige Rocko's Modern Life Everton F.C. 