who will join me in a sing song good old arsenal we're proud to say that name bluegolondonlad i admire your courage particularly after the mighty sunderland i don t feel like singing i d just like to know if bluegolondonlad was asleep between and hrs yesterday his team seem as if they were methinks spurs fans will just have to go on dreaming there s been a lot of money spent to enable them to get sweet f a at sunderland Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. Cliff Richard The Beatles discography 2005-06 in English football FA Cup The Beatles Football chant Tina Turner Newcastle United F.C. Hilary Duff Arsenal F.C. The McGuire Sisters The Football League Garth Brooks The Rutles Jim Steinman Yoko Ono Carpenters The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Sheffield United F.C. Bing Crosby Vivian Stanshall Infidels The Supremes Fidelio The Everly Brothers Chris Waddle Power Rangers Alan Sunderland History of Arsenal F.C. Leeds United F.C. Hey Jude Highway 61 Revisited Sweet Home Alabama (song) Wigan Athletic F.C. Jon Secada Ken Chu FA Premier League 2002-03 Los Angeles Clippers Peter Reid Ballot Result Kurt Cobain American Pie (song) Melanie Thornton Randy Newman Nottingham Forest F.C. Harry Warren Ars__ne Wenger Kate Bush Frankie Laine Therion (band) Liverpool F.C. Empire Burlesque Paul Is Dead 2003-04 in English football Donna Summer Arthur Laffer The Emancipation of Mimi Harry Nilsson Mariah Carey Time Out of Mind Liam Gallagher Claudio Ranieri Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Roxette The Ashlee Simpson Show Philosophical skepticism Green Day 2001-02 in English football Bonnie Tyler Ella Fitzgerald Niall Quinn Joe DiMaggio One Sweet Day Queen (band) Boyz II Men Michael Jackson FA Premier League 2004-05 Faye Wong Do As Infinity Humphrey Bogart Shaggy dog story The Jazz Singer Red Hot Chili Peppers Lostprophets David O'Leary FA Premier League Waylon Jennings Genesis (band) The Amber Spyglass The Byrds Sting (musician) Once More, With Feeling (Buffy episode) John Lennon West Bromwich Albion F.C. FA Premier League 1999-00 Anthology 2 Avenue Q 