here's one for all you who hate leeds utd an online petition has been set up on the downing street website urging a heavier points docking of leeds utd http www football shirts co uk fans feel free to visit sorry this is the correct link http petitions pm gov uk leedsutd pts hi there franco zola you might think it a joke too far but the guy who raised the petition has some extremely valid points in his proposition hiya franco zola you're entitled to your opinion mate just the guy proposing the petition has some valid points to his argument talk about kicking them when they are down lol sorry but this is a joke gone too far i think we should be compassionate human beings for once i won't be signing the petition edit yup i agree he has some valid points but comparing the punishment the fa meted out to west ham also taking in mind the punishment to milan juventus maybe leeds should deserve some leniency for once in truth it should be ken bates who deserve the punishment for the administration ban not the fans the pitch invasion can be handled by forcing them to play maybe games behind closed doors if you deduct points they are doom for sure because that is minus games although i never liked leeds utd i do not want to see them destroyed i just want them to suffer thats all d Leeds United F.C. Alex Ferguson Manchester United F.C. David Beckham West Ham United F.C. Gianfranco Zola Football (soccer) Chelsea F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Theory of conduct American football Jack Charlton Portsmouth F.C. 2004-05 in English football 2001-02 in English football Abortion debate Juventus F.C. FC Barcelona Tottenham Hotspur F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. The Football League George W. Bush Pittsburgh Steelers G__del's incompleteness theorem Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Kevin Keegan Real Madrid Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Football History of Arsenal F.C. Roberto Baggio Billy Bremner FA Cup Ashlee Simpson The Best Page in the Universe Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Simone Weil Mahatma Gandhi Theodicy Denis Law 2002-03 in English football Sheffield United F.C. Super Bowl IX British National Party Propositional calculus Frank Lampard Torquay United F.C. Paul Madeley Yusuf al-Qaradawi Ralph Nader Begging the question Logic Bryan Robson Family Guy Norman Hunter 2003-04 in English football Referendum Bullfighting Natural deduction David Hume Rugby union Manchester United 1986-1999 Appeal Prior restraint Paul Ince Turing test New York Giants Free will Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Capital punishment 2003 California recall Gordon McQueen April 2005 in sports Tris Speaker Lawrence v. Texas World Wide Web Football culture Summa Theologiae The resolution of the Dreyfus Affair Canadian football Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Supreme Court of the United States Dundee United F.C. Charles Darwin's views on religion Reality SAT Ty Cobb V (TV series) Fallacy Plame affair Objectivist philosophy Vacuous truth Existence of God Discourse ethics Liverpool F.C. Freedom of speech Arab-Israeli conflict University of Texas at Dallas Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe 