has manchester united and chelsea ruined the premier league this is mostly in regards to clubs being able to buy quality players and more importantly keep their home grown talent now a lot of manchester united fans will probably think that chelsea are worse for this but the truth is that man utd started it all and chelsea just took it to the extreme manchester united although not many of the tranfers worked they did have a habit between pretty much on their own of poaching other clubs talents dwight yorke and wayne rooney are of the 'better' examples clubs like liverpool spurs are trying to keep up with this trend but they cannot do it spurs fans are more realistic some pool fans are totally deluded that they can compete at the top level anyway in short it pains be to see great players that mu and chelsea have going to waste swp and what was alan smith are good examples its difficult to tell who's actually doing the harm one thing for sure its easy to tell who's looking the other way in the spirit of free market and enterprise the fa is neck deep in a cash pit with their backsides facing the sky in this country there's no limits what and how clubs do their shopping and the tevez affair is a pointer to the crude power clubsides wield while we continue to overrate the quality this cash has brought the ultimate test remains yes trophies how many continental cups have been won in the last twenty years fifteen years okay since the inception of the prem and in that period what has england won nothing this obscene lust for and more money money is killing the game here period Manchester United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Leeds United F.C. FA Cup 2004-05 in English football The Football League Alex Ferguson England national football team Everton F.C. Chelsea F.C. UEFA Champions League Bryan Robson Blackburn Rovers F.C. FA Premier League FA Premier League 2004-05 David Beckham Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Sheffield United F.C. FA Premier League 2003-04 Crystal Palace F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Manchester City F.C. Wayne Rooney Football records in England Kevin Keegan Football culture Gordon Banks Football in the United Kingdom Playoff Rangers F.C. Torquay United F.C. Steve McManaman League Cup Steve Coppell Denis Law Arsenal F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. FA Premier League 1994-95 FA Premier League 1993-94 2005-06 in English football Alan Smith Los Angeles Kings FA Premier League 2002-03 Sport in the United Kingdom Rugby union Dundee United F.C. Norway national football team FA Premier League 2001-02 2003-04 in English football Michael Owen FC Barcelona IFK G__teborg Jack Charlton June 2005 in sports Manchester United 1999-present R.S.C. Anderlecht FA Premier League 1992-93 Jos__ Mourinho National Football League Stanley Cup EastEnders Alan Hansen FA Premier League 1995-96 Notts County F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Mario Lemieux Middlesbrough F.C. August 2005 in sports Hyde United F.C. Stockport County F.C. $ale of the Century Tranmere Rovers F.C. Los Angeles Clippers Gianluca Vialli Celtic F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Alan Shearer London FA Premier League 2000-01 Toronto Blue Jays Real Madrid FA Premier League 2005-06 New York Yankees 