i have a dream dear friends of liverpool toulouse will win your ridiculous team next wednesday liverpool is going to lose in toulouuuuse year we are waiting for you wrong team we are the next european champion you will cry of shame when you will see elmander scoring the goals in the face hum am i really serious yes yes i think so retardboy do you know what your nickname means in french i say it to you it means gar on attard thatstosay you are far from being clever open a dictionnary or go on google to see what is toulouse a biggest town than liverpool and we are talkin' to man ok retardman but be careful your disguise te colle la peau your disguise sticks to your skin lol tu aimes beaucoup toulouse Liverpool F.C. UEFA Champions League Newcastle United F.C. Everton F.C. England national football team FA Cup Norway national football team Football records in England Chelsea F.C. Heineken Cup Alex Ferguson FA Premier League 1995-96 Crystal Palace F.C. Michael Owen Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Manchester United F.C. Toulouse Bryan Robson Billy Bremner League Cup Tommy Smith Kevin Keegan Andriy Shevchenko West Bromwich Albion F.C. Phil Neal Aston Villa F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. FA Premier League 1994-95 FA Premier League 1992-93 Kenny Dalglish Terry McDermott Football chant Denis Law Coventry City F.C. AFI 100 Years series Steve McManaman Steven Gerrard 2004-05 in English football Commune in France May 2005 in sports Sami Hyypi__ The Open Championship British Home Championship Steve McMahon Jari Litmanen Rugby union Steve Heighway Real Madrid FA Premier League 1999-00 Shawn Michaels Portsmouth F.C. Alan Hansen Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. New York Giants R.S.C. Anderlecht Lee Dixon Norman Hunter Jack Charlton FA Premier League Tris Speaker New York Islanders The Football League Steve Nicol John Aldridge Rangers F.C. Luton Town F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. Futebol Clube do Porto Los Angeles Kings Graeme Souness Spidey Super Stories Ray Clemence Kak__ Jimmy Connors Wimbledon F.C. Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington Trevor Steven Djibril Ciss__ Jamie Carragher David Rocastle Ronnie Whelan April 2005 in sports Paul McCartney FA Premier League 2001-02 Pittsburgh Steelers Ronny Rosenthal Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Swindon Town F.C. UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Maccabi Haifa F.C. Germany national football team FA Premier League 2004-05 Paul Ince John Arne Riise Hyde United F.C. May 2005 in Britain and Ireland New York Knicks 