how much will a ticket cost for a footie match in ive just been listening to the radio and they have said that premiership players will be wanting pounds a week wages we cant afford it now so what will it cost for us the fans i think it will be better to stay at home and watch it on tv cheaper aswell the way it's going around quid for the cheapest seats it's scandalous how much money football is taking out of the average supporters pocket Sydney Swans Newcastle United F.C. The Footy Show Australian rules football Blackburn Rovers F.C. Collingwood Football Club Watch the K-Foundation Burn a Million Quid Manchester United F.C. David Beckham Essendon Football Club Wayne Rooney National Football League Alex Ferguson West Bromwich Albion F.C. Football culture Lottery Australian Football League Minimum wage FA Premier League Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Denis Law Charlton Athletic F.C. Melbourne Football Club Leeds United F.C. Sinclair Research Ltd Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Hey Jude Shane Warne Arsenal F.C. Professional sports Hawthorn Football Club Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Carlton Football Club Salary cap Swindon Town F.C. Portsmouth F.C. The Championships, Wimbledon Live 8 West Ham United F.C. Frank Lampard Adelaide Crows Sydney Cricket Ground Aston Villa F.C. American football Euro Pound sterling Fremantle Football Club Crystal Palace F.C. Watford F.C. AFC Wimbledon Football chant Kangaroos Football Club Brisbane Bears Sport in the United Kingdom FA Premier League 2004-05 Brisbane Roy Keane Torquay United F.C. Ultras Sports betting Football (soccer) Everton F.C. Microeconomics Fitzroy Football Club Price discrimination National Lottery $ale of the Century Campaign finance reform Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Alan Shearer 2005 International Rules Series London 2012 Olympic bid Bundesliga (football) Minnesota Vikings The Football League Rangers F.C. High fidelity Wayne Carey Steve Coppell Fulham F.C. Low-cost carrier Paul Ince Violence in sports Richmond Football Club Plymouth Argyle F.C. Marching band Alastair Lynch Steve McManaman England national football team Roulette Sweatshop Emirates Stadium Seabiscuit Philadelphia Eagles Bristol Rugby Manchester United 1986-1999 Babe Ruth XFL Chelsea F.C. Fancy Crane 