when is barcelona first game with henry his first match with fc barcelona was in a friendly against dundee united where he scored the only goal for barca it was a penalty but he missed and scored on rebound not very exciting but hey he still scored hahha Dundee United F.C. IFK G__teborg Alex Ferguson Bryan Robson Penalty shootout (football) Football World Cup 1982 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Frank Lampard Robert Pir__s Andriy Shevchenko Everton F.C. Patrick Kluivert Paul Ince David Beckham Norway national football team Roberto Baggio Torquay United F.C. David Cooper (footballer) FA Cup December 2004 in sports Crystal Palace F.C. Newcastle United F.C. FC Barcelona 2004-05 in English football Water polo Wayne Rooney Mario Lemieux Chicago Bulls September 2004 in sports Australia national football team Football World Cup 1990 England national football team F.C. United of Manchester Football (soccer) Peter Shilton Alan Shearer Goal (ice hockey) Geoff Hurst August 2005 in sports Manchester United F.C. Roller hockey 2005-06 in Scottish football Ronaldo R.S.C. Anderlecht Dennis Bergkamp Aston Villa F.C. Frank Rijkaard Ladislao Kubala Ice hockey Celtic F.C. Penalty kick (football) Arena football The Football League Penalty (ice hockey) Table tennis Steve Coppell November 2004 in sports Deco Toronto Maple Leafs Rangers F.C. Australian rules football John Aldridge Alfredo Di Stefano Hat-trick Football (soccer) positions Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Real Madrid Football World Cup 1978 Ruud van Nistelrooy Football Buffalo Sabres February 2005 in sports New York Giants Henrik Larsson UEFA Champions League Primera Divisi__n Argentina Manchester United 1986-1999 Scottish Cup Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Rugby union Italy national football team Perth Glory Pel__ Dundee F.C. Mick Channon Rivaldo Michael Owen Josep Guardiola Rugby league January 2005 in sports Brazil national football team Blackburn Rovers F.C. Jack Charlton Nwankwo Kanu Philip Cocu September 2005 in sports Kenny Sansom Sheffield United F.C. Phil Neal 