how would your dream team look using only players from champions league make up your best team i just love this question goalkeepers petr cech iker casillar he won the title for real in dida in a good day defenders maldini nesta cannavaro italy has the best defense massimo oddo that guy can run as hell ashley cole ricardo carvalho puyol maybe rio ferdinand in a really good day sami hyypia done his job at liverpool many times midfielders cristiano ronaldo frank lampard joe cole thiago motta ryan giggs old guy but still good gattuso ambrosini pirlo seedorf forwards kaka ronaldinho eto'o thierry henry rooney too bad bayern is in uefa they have some name worth mention the first team now i would play cech maldini nesta cannavaro oddo the only reason is 'cause they know each other the spanish english one or the ac milan's midfield for the same reason as the defense sooner the second one kaka and ronaldinho because they go and take the ball not just wait for it Alex Ferguson UEFA Champions League 2004-05 in English football Manchester United F.C. Defender (football) Leeds United F.C. Frank Lampard Aston Villa F.C. Sport Club Corinthians Paulista FC Barcelona Jos__ Mourinho Paolo Maldini Bayern Munich Ronaldo Claudio Ranieri Midfielder England national football team 2003-04 in English football Italy national football team Ronaldinho Manchester United 1986-1999 Everton F.C. Alessandro Nesta Internazionale Portugal national football team Norway national football team FIFA World Player of the Year Deco Cristiano Ronaldo Petr __ech Steve McManaman Ryan Giggs Ipswich Town F.C. Manchester United 1999-present Kak__ Juventus F.C. FIFA 100 Newcastle United F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. F.C. United of Manchester 2004 European Football Championship Norwich City F.C. Ajax Amsterdam February 2005 in sports Ra__l Gonz__lez The Football League Norman Hunter Arsenal F.C. Xabi Alonso Park Ji-Sung Hellas Verona F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Violence in sports Rangers F.C. Bundesliga (football) __ker Casillas Football in Italy Celtic F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. Coventry City F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Michael Owen Liverpool F.C. FC Girondins de Bordeaux FA Premier League 1994-95 Nottingham Forest F.C. FA Premier League 1995-96 Bryan Robson September 2005 in sports American football Robert Pir__s May 2005 in sports John Terry Football (soccer) Wayne Rooney Futebol Clube do Porto Dinamo Zagreb Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Dennis Bergkamp Brazil national football team Hitomi FA Premier League Olympique de Marseille FA Cup Winger (sport) Roberto Baggio August 2005 in sports Lech Pozna__ April 2005 in sports Billy Bremner 