why can't people accept milan as the best club in the world i don't understand this but some people think liverpool or manchester united or even chelsea ar unrivalled in the world game without any history to back that up and then there are the barca idiots who just do not know of the actual achievements of their stupid team why cant people make a simple distinction that most popular team or player is not the best team in the world or europe let's all accept unanimously that milan are the gods of football and continue with peace and awe of this fact let's just say that everyone like to think that the club they support is the best is in the human nature not to agree with those who think different than you do if you take a look at ac milan history numbers show only one of the best teams in europe real madrid has more champions league trophies and juventus has more serie a titles but if you analyze all this together it very clear to me that ac milan is the best team in europe numbers say so the players they had and have may not ever be the most popular but the bounds between them were always very strong and that's what it takes to be the best they had over the year ups and downs it's true but what team didn't there are lots to say on this subject too many examples to show but if you are a true soccer fan and really want to know who's the best team you have to do some digging and than open your mouth and i'll say it again ac milan is the greatest team ever why i say that constancy first of all that's just my opinion UEFA Champions League Real Madrid Alex Ferguson Newcastle United F.C. Juventus F.C. Internazionale The Football League Football (soccer) Aston Villa F.C. 2004-05 in English football Futebol Clube do Porto September 2004 in sports American football Andriy Shevchenko West Bromwich Albion F.C. Everton F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Chelsea F.C. Leeds United F.C. David Beckham April 2005 in sports Celtic F.C. Rangers F.C. FA Cup Manchester United F.C. Football culture Steve McManaman Rugby football Arsenal F.C. 2003-04 in English football Serie A February 2005 in sports Portsmouth F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Bryan Robson FA Premier League 2004-05 May 2005 in sports Notts County F.C. Alan Hansen History of Arsenal F.C. Rugby union Billy Bremner 2005-06 in English football Michael Owen Norway national football team November 2004 in sports National Football League European Footballer of the Year Ronaldo Bobby Charlton Jock Stein Olympique de Marseille Frank Lampard Cork City F.C. Giants Stadium Newell's Old Boys FA Premier League 1995-96 August 2005 in sports FA Premier League 2003-04 Football World Cup A.C. Milan Manchester United 1986-1999 Jos__ Mourinho Graeme Souness International League Blackburn Rovers F.C. Manchester United 1999-present Dundee United F.C. Marcel Desailly Major football rivalries Football in the United Kingdom March 2005 in sports October 2004 in sports R.S.C. Anderlecht Denis Law Nottingham Forest F.C. Stadio Giuseppe Meazza Hugo S__nchez Paolo Maldini Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Hyde United F.C. Jack Charlton FIFA Series FA Premier League 2001-02 Kenny Dalglish Patrick Vieira Local derby Phil Neal 