heart or spleen of midlothian does anyone agree with talk 's re naming of the team spleen an unnecessary organ that we could all do without heart essential to be able to survive things can only get better or can they under the present regime now that craig gordon is gone hearts will be a very mediocre team maybe finish th or th and am being serious Heart of Midlothian F.C. Spleen Scottish Cup Leicester City F.C. Organ transplant Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Newcastle United F.C. Liberal Party (UK) Human anatomy Offal The Apprentice 3 Sickle-cell disease The Heart of Midlothian Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma The Inside Minnesota Twins Sefer Yetzirah Colorado Avalanche Religion Coventry City F.C. Jacques-Louis David Toronto Blue Jays Lymphatic system Hal Trosky Texas Rangers (baseball) Acupuncture FA Premier League 2001-02 Gordon Strachan Liverpool F.C. Anatomy Capitalism San Francisco Giants Vichy France Pittsburgh Penguins Walter Scott Immunosuppressive drug Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics Joe Jordan (footballer) Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Penske Racing West Bromwich Albion F.C. Shawn Michaels Midlothian, Virginia Chicago White Sox Dundee United F.C. Celtic F.C. Chip Ganassi Racing Batgirl Southampton F.C. 2005-06 in Scottish football Roush Racing Zang Fu theory Casey Atwood Buffalo Bills Automobiles Gonfaronnaises Sportives February 2005 in sports Blackburn Rovers F.C. Infinite Ryvius Anemia Abortion debate New York Mets Chelsea F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Histology Hemolytic anemia Houston Astros Edmonton Oilers Florida Marlins Situs inversus Crew Exploration Vehicle Professional wrestling double-team maneuvers Michel Foucault Reinhard Heydrich Carolina Panthers University of San Francisco Damn Yankees Sapir-Whorf hypothesis Immunology King Crimson Detroit Tigers Peter Asher East Lothian George Burley Leukemia Immortality Super Bowl XIX Los Angeles Angels (PCL) Cincinnati Bengals Craig Patrick Chicago Bulls Boston Red Sox Arsenal F.C. Chicago Cubs Artificial heart Human physiology Craig Conroy Norway national football team Miracle on Ice Hendrick Motorsports West Ham United F.C. 