scottish fans do you care what people think about scottish premier league i dont bring any english italian team ect to scotland and we would give them a beating like they have never had before lol dundee utd did it to barcelona lol and celtic they give english a right good beasting lol of course anyone of such respect can have an opinion aye utd lost to barcelona but it was only a friendly i've been a supporter of scottish football for around years and as far as i'm concerned you can keep yer epl yer serie a la liga etc gie me a cauld winter's night and a rip roaring contest between motherwell and hibs anyday ok not motherwell and hibs let's just say utd and anyone Dundee United F.C. Hibernian F.C. Motherwell F.C. Celtic F.C. Manchester United F.C. Scottish Cup 2004-05 in Scottish football Alex Ferguson Football in the United Kingdom 2005-06 in Scottish football Newcastle United F.C. Alex McLeish Sheffield United F.C. Bobby Williamson Elgin City F.C. FC Barcelona Forfar Athletic F.C. Kenny Dalglish British Home Championship Jock Stein 2004-05 in English football Dundee F.C. David Beckham Leeds United F.C. Football in Scotland Old Firm Scots language Scotland Aberdeen F.C. FA Premier League Ally McLeod Chelsea F.C. Heart of Midlothian F.C. Brian McClair IFK G__teborg Scottish Gaelic language Aston Villa F.C. La Liga August 2005 in sports The Football League Raith Rovers F.C. Hooliganism Rugby union Kilmarnock F.C. Celtic League (Rugby Union) Scottish Football League 2003-04 in Scottish football West Ham United F.C. Stockport County F.C. Norway national football team 2002-03 in English football Falkirk F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Diego Maradona Dick Advocaat R.S.C. Anderlecht Portsmouth F.C. Campeonato Carioca Walter Smith William Motherwell Scotland national rugby union team National Football League Stirling Albion F.C. Scotland national football team Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United Viking F.K. Partick Thistle F.C. UEFA Champions League Motherwell Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. University of Texas at Dallas Blackburn Rovers F.C. Football firm Dundee Wigan Athletic F.C. English cricket team Hiberno-English FA Premier League 2005-06 Football League of Ireland Arbroath F.C. Paul Sturrock Craig Brown (football) Philadelphia 76ers England national football team Sport in the United Kingdom Ronaldo Glasgow Highland Football League Jock Wallace Kevin Keegan Graeme Souness Local derby Politics of Scotland Queen's Park F.C. Goidelic languages Major football rivalries 