the champs are back is that agreed i think rangers fans saw a false dawn lol no nicole dear not in the scottish football section lol shazza are rangers champs no i didn't think so either honestly dick falkirk unlike killie had a go and created openings for the champs was not a week ago lazy journalism a crisis looming in paradise so think on dick falkirk unlike killie had a go and created openings for the champs was not a week ago lazy journalism had a crisis looming in paradise so think on agreed ac milan will be in action very soon Alex Ferguson Champ Car Aston Villa F.C. Neighbours Falkirk F.C. Scottish Cup Rangers F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts Scottish Premier League Plame affair Celtic F.C. 2004-05 in Scottish football Dundee F.C. Kilmarnock F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Scottish Football League 2005-06 in Scottish football Hunter S. Thompson Leeds United F.C. Hibernian F.C. Clash of Champions Falkirk International League Forever Red Orange Order Football in Scotland Wars of Scottish Independence Texas Rangers (baseball) Dick Williams Newcastle United F.C. Chip Ganassi Racing Graeme Souness Hillary Rodham Clinton Motherwell F.C. Wolf's Rain Ocean's Twelve John Sheridan (Babylon 5) Local derby Mazda Dick Advocaat College football Indy Racing League Football firm Battle of Falkirk (1298) 2003 Invasion of Iraq October 2005 in sports Textile manufacturing Philip K. Dick NWA World Heavyweight Championship Mo Johnston Scotland June 2005 in sports Lazy evaluation Hamilton Academical F.C. Gary Stevens David Murray (Scottish businessman) Bobby Williamson David Cooper (footballer) The Lone Ranger 10cc Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Jock Stein Elgin City F.C. Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks The Football League April 2005 in sports Glasgow Sampling (music) San Francisco 49ers Star Trek: Deep Space Nine June 2004 in sports Craig Brown (football) 2004 Republican National Convention BLAME! Farnborough Town F.C. The Shining (film) 24 Hours of Le Mans MLB on NBC Donovan Hulk Hogan Sonic the Hedgehog Trevor Steven Oakland Athletics Indianapolis 500 Queens Park Rangers F.C. May 2005 in sports Chicago White Sox Raith Rovers F.C. Sports timeline Surfers Paradise, Queensland FC Barcelona Red Star Belgrade Ray Wilkins August 2005 in sports Aberdeen F.C. December 2004 in sports George W. Bush 