five hypothetical bullets your hypothetical choice ant or dec gary glitter or michael jackson george w bush or osama bin laden britney spears or lindsay lohan will young or gareth gates oh and what effect would this have on penalties awarded between arbroath and erm gretna no east stirling good point shelty tie break question mileson or aleander don't want to sway the vote but under every pony tail there is an aresehole place each pairing back to back and with each bullet hypothetically shot through one of their foreheads they should hypothetically through ballistics enter the other one's brainpan hypothetically the effect on the penalties should be minimal but don't worry arbroath will be meeting gretna in two seasons maximum Fahrenheit 9/11 Britney Spears 2003 Invasion of Iraq Osama bin Laden Terminal ballistics U.S. Electoral College Hilary Duff George W. Bush Mumia Abu-Jamal Heather Wilson 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Background history of the September 11, 2001 attacks Poker jargon 2005-06 in Scottish football Bush family conspiracy theory War on Terrorism Muhammad al-Durrah Single certification Max Martin Beltway sniper attacks Whitney Houston NBA Finals TRL retired videos Bowling for Columbine Michael Moore External ballistics 2DTV Chicago Bulls Bill Clinton September 11, 2001 attacks timeline for the day of the attacks John Walker Lindh U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Team America: World Police Hurricane Katrina timeline .22 Long Rifle Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda Horse Sales and charts achievements for Mariah Carey Knots Landing New York Knicks Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina 2004-05 in Scottish football Islam and anti-Semitism Osama Bin Laden Has Farty Pants Responsibility for the September 11, 2001 attacks Person of the Year Anagram September 11 researchers Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Donald Rumsfeld U.S. presidential election, 1988 Jefferson Parish, Louisiana 2005 United States Grand Prix Robert L. Ehrlich 2004 Osama bin Laden video National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States The Inside Formula One regulations Plurality electoral system Billboard Hot 100 Omar Hasan Ahmad al-Bashir John Roberts We Belong Together Khalid bin Mahfouz September 11, 2001 attacks timeline for September Lindsay Lohan Cleveland Browns Equine conformation Vice President of the United States Single bullet theory Declaration of Arbroath 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Sniper 2000s Islam as a political movement South Park Eisner Award History of Scotland Alan Shearer SMTV Live John Kerry Big Brother (USA TV series) The Mansion Family Mario Lemieux Democracy Gareth Gates September 11, 2001 attacks Arbroath F.C. Bubblegum pop Hungerford massacre Governments' positions pre-2003 invasion of Iraq Antichrist Elgin City F.C. Solar system Eric Cartman Troms__ I.L. Mohamed Atta al-Sayed Porter J. Goss Political decoy Snooker 