are hearts still a scottish team shouldn't they change their name to lithuanians on loan fc has vladomir romanov made or bust heart of midlothian lithuanians are not exactly very talented players and i don't think it is a good idea for romanov to sign so many hearts had a good chance at being a top team but with players that are most likely to struggle in the scottish league the team will also struggle it's like arsenal and the french players should change their name too it's disappointing when clubs sign a majority of foreign players especially in the case of hearts where the players won't help the clubs challenge there are so many better young scottish players out there who should be given the chance Heart of Midlothian F.C. 2005-06 in Scottish football Alex Ferguson West Bromwich Albion F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Manchester United F.C. Celtic F.C. Rangers F.C. West Ham United F.C. Scottish Premier League Chelsea F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Arsenal F.C. Scotland national rugby union team The Football League Toronto Blue Jays David Cooper (footballer) Hibernian F.C. Texas Rangers (baseball) Graeme Souness New York Knicks George Burley Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Everton F.C. FC Barcelona Michael Owen Andr__s Galarraga Queens Park Rangers F.C. Ayr United F.C. Los Angeles Clippers Raith Rovers F.C. David Beckham Minor league baseball Los Angeles Dodgers FA Premier League FA Premier League 1992-93 Crystal Palace F.C. Real Madrid Fulham F.C. Jock Stein Pittsburgh Steelers Sheepshead Dundee F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 Queen of the South F.C. FA Cup Herbert Chapman Portsmouth F.C. Florida Marlins Football in the United Kingdom Rugby league Scottish Cup Sunderland A.F.C. Jari Litmanen Dundee United F.C. Buffalo Bills Southampton F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. 2004-05 NHL lockout Aberdeen F.C. Norway national football team San Francisco Giants Billy Bremner Toronto Argonauts Liverpool F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Dennis Bergkamp Ian Wright UEFA Champions League Torquay United F.C. Kenny Dalglish Troms__ I.L. Manchester United 1986-1999 Ars__ne Wenger Leicester City F.C. Swindon Town F.C. Teddy Sheringham Football in Scotland 2004-05 in English football Kevin Campbell (footballer) Millwall F.C. Preston North End F.C. Detroit Tigers St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Cincinnati Reds Boston Red Sox Gordon Strachan British Columbia Lions Oakland Athletics Frank Lampard The Open Championship George Graham (footballer) Cleveland Indians Boston Bruins New York Yankees Skat 