name the only scot who has been a member of world cup squads alright crispy how did you get on in london ya fat wanker are you no longer a virgin jim leighton either him or that tommy boyd he was boss against brazil Football World Cup 1998 Aberdeen F.C. Football World Cup 2002 Brazil national football team Davis Cup Scotland national football team Football World Cup 1994 Frederic Leighton, 1st Baron Leighton Football World Cup 1974 Football World Cup 1990 Football World Cup 1986 Football World Cup 1982 Football World Cup 1978 Football World Cup 1950 David Beckham Alex Ferguson Scotland national rugby union team Gordon Banks Calgary Flames Burnley F.C. Derby County F.C. Leighton Buzzard Norway national football team Chelsea F.C. Italy national football team Football World Cup 1966 England national football team Ronaldo Manchester United F.C. Everton F.C. Hibernian F.C. Football World Cup Real Madrid Trevor Steven Cork City F.C. Chile national football team Bobby Charlton Geoff Hurst Suwon Samsung Bluewings England national rugby union team Notts County F.C. Heart of Midlothian F.C. Tommy Mexico national football team Fat Joe Costa Rica national football team Dennis Bergkamp Queen of the South F.C. Garrincha That '70s Show Toronto Argonauts Virgin Trains David Vernon Watson Paraguay national football team Football World Cup 1970 Football World Cup 1962 Viz (comic) Graeme Souness Fat Wreck Chords English cricket team Cafu Past characters (Neighbours) Samoa national rugby union team Peru national football team Jennifer Lopez October 2005 in sports Football World Cup 1958 Marion Boyd Jim Crockett Promotions Aston Villa F.C. Roberto Baggio Alan Shearer Gianluca Vialli Tommy Rich Troms__ I.L. Swansea City A.F.C. Bryan Robson Cleveland Browns TalkSPORT Kak__ Tommy Boyd Stanley Cup Zin__dine Zidane Fulham F.C. 2001-02 in English football Blood (computer game) The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Celtic Warriors Wigan Athletic F.C. Margaret Leighton Ray Traylor Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Double Dragon Peking Duck Portugal national football team Football World Cup 2006 Canadian cricket team Ronaldinho Cantonese cuisine Joe Jordan (footballer) 