what is 'masters of science fiction' about it's a series of shows based on short stories by noted science fiction writers i've seen the first one with sam waterston and have taped the second one it reminds me of the twilight zone a good story with a twist at the end each show has one or more different stories each week got good reviews overall so maybe you should check it out The Twilight Zone Science fiction William Shatner Ray Bradbury The Outer Limits Rod Serling To Serve Man (The Twilight Zone) Science fiction on television J. Michael Straczynski Dark Shadows The Twilight Zone (original series) Doctor Who spin-offs The Cold Equations Reset button technique Jack L. Chalker Fan fiction A. E. van Vogt Orson Scott Card Damon Knight The New Twilight Zone Law & Order Sam Waterston Canon (fiction) Fictional universe Doctor Who Poul Anderson Apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic science fiction The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy All My Children Where Is Everybody? Piers Anthony Hugo Award Neil Gaiman Spider Robinson Treehouse of Horror II Philip K. Dick Robotech Interactive fiction Samuel Beckett Crime fiction Sliders Messiahs in fiction and fantasy Robert J. Sawyer The Silence (The Twilight Zone) Clifford D. Simak Three Laws of Robotics Short story John W. Campbell Television program The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess Master (Doctor Who) The Legend of Zelda series Jack Vance Michael Moorcock Fiction Soap opera It's a Good Life (The Twilight Zone) Charles Dickens Star Trek, other storylines Alfred Bester (author) Ira Steven Behr Tales from the Darkside The New Yorker Whodunit Science fiction magazine Gainax A Sound of Thunder Chuck Palahniuk Gene Wolfe Quantum Leap Dean Koontz EC Comics R. A. Lafferty Robert Sheckley The Foundation Series Firefly (television series) Virgin New Adventures Nebula Award Bernice Summerfield Richard Matheson Fight Club Bad Wolf references in Doctor Who LDS fiction Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Many worlds and possible worlds in literature and art Aubrey-Maturin series Marion Zimmer Bradley Robert A. Heinlein Hannah and Her Sisters Theodore Sturgeon L. Sprague de Camp Karel __apek Slash fiction Fantasy Ursula K. Le Guin Vernor Vinge Shared universe 