does your nose get bigger and change shape as u get older ok so i heard that your noses get bigger as you get older i also heard that they change shape a little but not drastically for example ive heard that you could have a perfect kate hudson nose at age and by the time your it could still be about the same shape but might have a smal bump like jessica simpsons is this true because i want it to be actually lol my nose looks like kate hidsons but i actually would like a nose that looks more like jessica simpsons but i am not getting a nose job and i kinow my nose cant possible change shape fully but i'm just wondering if when i'm older it might change shape a little or develop a small bump is this true could this happen please answer thanxx kendall xoxoxoxoxoxoo and people i basically know your nose gets bigger duh but my main question is about the shanging shape thing and so far non of you are giving me good answers please i need more peeps to answer could happen if oyu break your nose or get a nose job but yes your nose does get bigger your ears nose never stop growing The Ashlee Simpson Show Avenue Q God Emperor of Dune Social rule Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Head English grammar Baldrick Limp Bizkit Radio Yerevan Japanese language Bart's Girlfriend Coming of Age (TNG episode) Jessica Simpson Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Rocko's Modern Life The Empty Child Diving Max Martin The Adventures of Pete & Pete Ontological argument Children of Dune The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular Species I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue W. C. Fields Jeopardy! The Apprentice 1 Jumping the shark Charles Ives Extreme Programming Sin City Meaning of life Joke Twenty One (game show) The Brady Bunch Lie The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Primary and Secondary Phases Origin belief Ethics American football strategy Strap-on dildo Autobiography (Ashlee Simpson album) John Wycliffe Griffon Bruxellois Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo Aerial (dance move) The Big Goodbye (TNG episode) Sonata form Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban What would Jesus do? Eye The Family from One End Street EastEnders Whose Line Is It Anyway? A-ha Dream Job (Season 2) Theory of conduct The 64,000 Dollar Question Piccolo Junior Saga The nature of God in Western theology Muslim ibn Aqeel 2000 Australian Grand Prix Jennifer Lopez Crime film Shaggy dog story Babe Ruth Montgomery Burns Little Britain Skateboarding trick Clown Rosacea Bart chalkboard gags Dragon Booster Rave Master Ryan Cabrera Rhinoplasty Stairway Smallville (Season 4) Family Feud Porridge (TV) Stewie Griffin Apple Newton The Karate Kid, Part III Scenes from a Memory Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) Janashakti Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Sant Thakar Singh Anorexia nervosa House of M What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film) Characters in the Smurfs Milton H. Erickson Treehouse of Horror II Yoga Sutras of Patanjali Storytelling Mercury Atlas 6 Canon (fiction) Who Shot Mr. Burns? Overkill (band) 