this is weird i did not have a dreamless sleep for like last months and whenever i dream it seems like i am reviewing what happened that day and what i plan for the next day this is weird and annoying it is not weird at all it is perfectally normal just start trying to remember your dreams they may help you in the long run Turiya Pok__mon Live! Yoga Sutras of Patanjali 10000 (number) Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Dream Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare God Emperor of Dune Weird Science The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Lucid dreaming "Weird Al" Yankovic The Demon Headmaster Out-of-body experience Haibane Renmei Narcolepsy Jon Secada Atlas Comics (1950s) Shaggy dog story The Virgin Suicides The Sandman: The Doll's House Chaos Emerald Dean Koontz (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction The Smashing Pumpkins Mulholland Drive (film) Pop punk The Amazing Criswell Kim Possible King Crimson Science fiction Avenue Q Thomas Ligotti Hilary Duff Futurama (TV series - season 5) KROQ Top 106.7 Countdown of 1985 Cliff Richard Social rule D__j__ vu Discordance Axis Dream Syndicate Mike Patton Captain Britain Dream (DC Comics) Grandview, U.S.A. Sleeping Murder New Morning Hwi Noree So Weird Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Fertility awareness Sleep Lemmy Kilmister Anne Rice Jean Grey Mega-City One Gosei Sentai Dairanger Cordelia Chase Hunter S. Thompson The Star Wars Holiday Special Bizarro Virgin Mobile Aum Saga (band) Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious Carrie Jacobs-Bond Weird Tales Hey Arnold! STS-62 Wheel of Fortune Weebl and Bob Disney Channel Characters of The Sandman Jeopardy! in culture Pok__mon Chronicles American Beauty (1999 film) El Goonish Shive Fall Out Boy Poodle Hat John F. Kennedy assassination Late Night with Conan O'Brien Jennifer Parker W.I.T.C.H. A Course In Miracles Philosophical skepticism Lin Carter H.P. Lovecraft Daylight saving time Shades Of Death Road Dream Theater The Lovely Bones Knots Landing King of Fighters Running with Scissors (album) Remember... Dreams Come True Phaedo Bad Hair Day Jacob A. E. van Vogt 