can ac milan still be the best team in italy they may have lost the title in serie a for a few year but still they play the best italian football i totally agree with you there is no doubt that ac milan is the best team in italy and it's for quite some years the last serie a title the won is't true that is back in but in and we all know who won and why and let's take a look at the circumstance and we'll see why inter won last season in europe they played finals in years and were in first teams the other years and never the last look at their team the players they have the bounds between the players the way the team works nothing else to say they are the best UEFA Champions League Internazionale Italy national football team Gianni Rivera The Football League Dennis Bergkamp Serie A Alex Ferguson Norway national football team Andriy Shevchenko Celtic F.C. Gabriel Batistuta Roberto Baggio Ronaldo Marco van Basten Hellas Verona F.C. Christian Vieri Rugby union FA Premier League 1995-96 Denis Law Futebol Clube do Porto Cincinnati Bengals Football World Cup 1990 Roger Federer Football (soccer) Italy national rugby union team Ipswich Town F.C. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Billy Bremner Valentino Mazzola NBA Finals Football World Cup Jock Stein Dino Zoff Real Madrid Newcastle United F.C. Germany national football team R.S.C. Anderlecht American football Portsmouth F.C. Mario Lemieux Everton F.C. Juventus F.C. Rangers F.C. Olympique de Marseille Milan Pete Rose Giuseppe Meazza FA Cup Wrexham A.F.C. Kenny Dalglish Super Bowl XXVII Bundesliga (football) Aston Villa F.C. Playoff Canterbury Bulldogs England national rugby union team A.C. Milan Brazil national football team Bowl Championship Series Indiana Pacers Football in Italy National Basketball Association Ruud Gullit Kansas City Chiefs Miami Dolphins New York Giants L'Aquila Rugby Iron Bowl FC Zwolle February 2005 in sports Australian cricket team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista 2003-04 in Portuguese football Euroleague Troms__ I.L. Kak__ Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Alberto Ascari Paul Ince Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Australian rules football Playoff format Fitzroy Football Club Nils Liedholm 2004-05 NHL lockout Super Bowl Carolina Panthers Stadio Giuseppe Meazza San Francisco 49ers International cricket in 2005 National Football League Football in Sweden Graeme Souness All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Cork City F.C. Norman Hunter Football World Cup 1970 