my nephews birthday he is turning hes a boys boy loves trucks and playing outside what can i get him that is speical cheap and he will love i only can spend around i know im on a low budget hes parents grandparetns and older relitives are giving him like big things bike playset baby wheeler so i need somthing that is special and not just some grociery store toy that will get thrown out my nephew is also and he loves anything to do with cars get him like a really big monster truck for or The Dukes of Hazzard Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters My Little Pony Little Britain Rugrats Humphrey Bogart Jackass: The Movie Recurring South Park characters Winx Club Friends Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Garfield Micro Machines Mighty Max Doug EastEnders Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Twisted Metal Grand Theft Auto (game) Care Bears Hey Arnold! Small Soldiers Codename: Kids Next Door Oh My Goddess! Kodocha Toy Story Evel Knievel Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man George Costanza Paul Wight Eddie Guerrero Union Pacific Railroad The Beach Boys Shaggy dog story The Simpsons Harley-Davidson Semi-trailer Sesame Street Sport utility vehicle Steve Jobs Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends Pok__mon (video games) Charmed Static Shock Nintendo Bicycle Malcolm in the Middle Fancy Crane Die-cast toy Decepticon Mario Home Entertainment Suppliers Math ap Mathonwy G.I. Joe Baby Blues Pixar The Human Stain Bratz Johnny the Homicidal Maniac Eric Cartman Ed, Edd n Eddy One Tree Hill (TV series) Our Gang Calvin and Hobbes Silent Night, Deadly Night Philip J. Fry Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset W.I.T.C.H. Bart the Daredevil Hera The Fairly OddParents Stephen Sondheim Good Times Knots Landing Final Fantasy: Crystal Chronicles David Bowie Truck Duane Allman South Park The Isley Brothers Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Drawn Together The Venture Bros. Hydrogen vehicle Yu-Gi-Oh! M.A.S.K. Secret Wars Characters in the Smurfs Max Martin Grandview, U.S.A. Motorcycle About a Boy Monster Rancher monsters Kimi Finster Scrooge McDuck SpongeBob SquarePants Monster Rancher (television) 