my daughter is and i was just wondering when i take her out while her mother is not with us and she has to go potty do i just take her to the men's room any other men with this problem some places have a family restroom but i wouldn't know what to tell you there it's a pretty good question it had never occurred to me Washroom Toilet Married... with Children Japanese toilet Joke Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Irish syntax Santa Claus Theodicy Milton H. Erickson The Contender (television series) Euphemism About a Boy Theory of conduct British Royal Family The Shining (film) Teresa Heinz Kerry Ginger Rogers Historia Britonum Land of Oz Coming of Age (TNG episode) What would Jesus do? 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Fiddler on the Roof Kodocha Freddie Prinze The Wall 2000 Australian Grand Prix The Wonderful Wizard of Oz The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson Mama's Family E. E. Cummings Angel One (TNG episode) FoxTrot Virgin Birth (Christian doctrine) Marilyn Monroe Economic calculation problem Hathor Target Corporation Pretty Sammy Debugging Elimination communication Family SpongeBob SquarePants The Fairly OddParents Humphrey Bogart The Beach Boys Edward the Martyr Proto Man Mind-body problem Tefillin J. D. Salinger The Ashlee Simpson Show Adoption Linux kernel Incest English grammar Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Lou Gehrig Abigail Folger Tony Bennett F.E.A.R. (computer game) Tammy Wynette Sauna Philosophy of mind Blood purity (Harry Potter) Bah__'u'll__h's family Patton (film) Tartuffe Glen Quagmire God Emperor of Dune Loudon Wainwright III Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Jam (TV series) Feral child Symbiosis (TNG episode) Udall family Charmed Fathers 4 Justice Daddy Wouldn't Buy Me a Bow Wow United Airlines Flight 93 The Birds (film) Mathematician Juliana of the Netherlands Cliff Richard Herman's Hermits Too Short a Season (TNG episode) Paradox Supernatural Francis Bacon (painter) Blood on the Tracks Toilet humour Fair use My Family (television) Datalore (TNG episode) Richard Mellon Scaife Pretty Good Privacy Knots Landing Music Hall Owen figure-skating family 