activities for two year old girls we will be at the hospital most of the afternoon tomorrow waiting on a new baby brother to be born i'm in charge of entertaining my daughter and niece what are some activities that might keep two toddler girls entertained for a couple of hours coloring books crayons bubbles puzzles books cars dolls baby doll brush clothes ponies good luck My Little Pony Barbie Sharon Tate Doll American girl dolls Cliff Richard The Family from One End Street Rainbow Brite Comanche EastEnders Jennifer Lopez Spot the Dog The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland Neighbours Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March Search for Tomorrow Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters R. Kelly Charmed Father's Day (Doctor Who) The Sims 2 FoxTrot Bubble Bobble Teletubbies Angelina Jolie Kimberly-Clark Corporation Gwen Stefani Good Morning, Vietnam Goo Goo Dolls AFI 100 Years series Blythe Situation comedy Kodocha The Care Bears (television series) Little Britain Lindsay Lohan Rais massacre Charles Lee Ray Black Pete Knots Landing The Amazing Race Dexter's Laboratory Walt Disney Alice Liddell Cher (entertainer) Married... with Children Yohoho! Puzzle Pirates Brandy (entertainer) Puzzle Bobble 4 Disneyland The 7th Guest The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Jane Wyman The Isley Brothers Mario Humphrey Bogart Customs and etiquette of Japan Rugrats Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon Ubisoft The Flintstones Sea-Monkey Spice Girls Captain Marvel (DC Comics) Britney Spears L. Frank Baum Aisha The Outsiders (novel) Wario Baby Blues One Life to Live 20th Century Fox TLC Lisa Simpson Baby Doll (Batman: The Animated Series) Aquarium (album) Luke and Laura Spencer Teen Girl Squad The Dukes of Hazzard Characters in Neon Genesis Evangelion The Four Seasons (group) Yu-Gi-Oh! Love. Angel. Music. Baby. Premature birth Triple J Hottest 100, 2003 Boomerang (TV channel) Quality Comics George M. Cohan Felix the Cat About a Boy Kamehameha IV Princess Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Zeved habat Prisoner (TV series) Billy Joel Love Hina main characters Calvin and Hobbes Full House 