does any one use a football trading systems thinking about buying ftsincome co uk just want to know if anyone has used it and there experiences with them or other football trading systems well you wont know untill you parted with your cash whether its a con or not the main part of football betting is control we can all pick matches what win out of a fixture list and have sucsees its just about holding on to it untill there's a good bet was it genius to pick chelsea to bt galexy no it could be real but its not that hard to make a site to be honest if i made plus a year i wouldn't need to charge anyone maybe its worth email him one saturday and asking for a free trial Poker jargon Gambling Craps National Football League Betting (poker) Chelsea F.C. Football (soccer) 2004-05 in English football Mutual fund Sydney Riot of 1879 David Beckham Jack Charlton The Football League February 2005 in sports Match fixing Frank Lampard FA Cup E-mail Sports betting SCO-Linux controversies RuneScape cheats Gaelic football Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Texas hold 'em Internet fraud Slot machine Alex Ferguson Let's Make a Deal Stockport County F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Poker tournament Claudio Ranieri Lottery Wayne Gretzky Troms__ I.L. Professional sports British Home Championship Football in Sweden Rugby union Super League (Australia) Denis Law MapleStory Norwegian Premier League Wheel of Fortune Bet exchange F.C. United of Manchester FIFA Steve McManaman Poker Everton F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Money Football in England Aston Villa F.C. September 2004 in sports Norwich City F.C. Australian rules football Draw poker Los Angeles Clippers Parimutuel betting Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Computer chess Rugby league January 2005 in sports Make money fast Dunstable Town F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Sport in Ireland Pete Rose Freelancer (computer game) Winning Streak Surveillance Microeconomics Enron Corporation Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Caulfield Grammar School Ladies' Gaelic football Bundesliga (football) Gold as an investment Password Middlesbrough F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Sydney Swans Three card monte December 2004 in sports Deflation (economics) Spread betting American football Prediction market Ipswich Town F.C. Mad Money Torquay United F.C. England national football team UK Singles Chart Playoff West Bromwich Albion F.C. Hyperinflation Trading Places Canadian Football League 