psu football has anyone heard about how as a punishment for fighting the penn state football team has to clean up the stadium after every home game the reason that i am asking is because i'm on their fencing team and the first home game we have to clean the stadium hmmm yeah stupid discipline joepa just likes to get some publicity by punishing puh leeeease that's not punishment and this asker just confirmed it he has to clean the stadium and he's not on the football team can't wait for joepa to be gone and penn state starts playing some real football Pennsylvania State University Football (soccer) Joe Paterno Yankee Stadium Norwegian football cup Major League Soccer Chelsea F.C. Newcastle United F.C. American football Qualcomm Stadium Carolina Panthers Cleveland Stadium Playoff Football in the United Kingdom Giants Stadium The Football League Kansas City Chiefs Memorial Stadium, Clemson Oakland Raiders National Football League Leicester City F.C. Dolphins Stadium Super Bowl Minnesota Vikings Atlantic Coast Conference Angel Stadium of Anaheim McAfee Coliseum New York Jets Veterans Stadium Hooliganism Baltimore Ravens Cinergy Field Beaver Stadium Australian Football League Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Canadian football Gaelic football 2005 NFL season Philadelphia Eagles Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome Green Bay Packers Suncorp Stadium Montreal Alouettes Wrigley Field Queen's Park F.C. Dinamo Zagreb 2004 European Football Championship British Home Championship Shea Stadium Bundesliga (football) United States Football League Citizens Bank Park Sydney Swans England national football team Big Ten Conference Houlihan's Stadium Queensland Rugby League IFK G__teborg Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium University of Tennessee Army-Navy Game Bobby Bowden Field at Doak Campbell Stadium 1896 Summer Olympics Telstra Stadium Arkansas Razorbacks Reliant Astrodome Canadian Football League History of rugby league Cincinnati Bengals University of Notre Dame Baseball Connie Mack Stadium Australian rules football Busch Stadium St. Louis Cardinals San Diego Chargers Football Norway national football team Texas Longhorn Athletics Polo Grounds Buffalo Bills St. Louis Rams Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Miami Dolphins Arizona Cardinals Wembley Stadium Tampa Bay Buccaneers University of Georgia Japanese baseball Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium Super Bowl XXV Republic of Ireland national football team Dallas Cowboys Washington State University Memorial Stadium (Baltimore) Sydney Cricket Ground University of Pittsburgh New York Giants Portland State University 