what can i get my bro for his nd birthday he has everything and hes really good at getting people presents what should i get him im willing to spend around maybe more any cool gadgets lube Video game music Inspector Gadget Thermal power station USS Swordfish (SSN-579) Robert McKimson Hirth Batman and Robin (1997 film) Mario Bros. James Bond Prince (artist) The Venture Bros. Strap-on dildo Tiny Toon Adventures Codename: Kids Next Door Manual transmission Home Entertainment Suppliers Jet engine DiC Entertainment Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner Animated television series Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers Birthday Phil of the Future Winamp How the Grinch Stole Christmas! Paul W. S. Anderson The Time (band) Gadget Cool Hand Luke Teamo Supremo Ancient Macedonian language Looney Tunes On Her Majesty's Secret Service Venus Flytrap Thunderball Friz Freleng Die Another Day W. Daniel Hillis Batman Lubricant Vanilla Ninja Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Booster Happy Birthday to You Hypertext Editing System Razzie Award for Worst Picture Dennis Quaid Tara Strong The Wheezer Bros. Sylvania 300 Warner Bros. Patrick Star Attack of the Show! Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Professor Hubert Farnsworth Birthday paradox Totally Spies! Super Mario 64 Heinkel He 280 CatDog Motor oil Younger versions of cartoon characters Garfield Sheila E. Academy Award for Animated Short Film Batman (film) Batman Forever Social rule Fish (singer) Personal lubricant Nintendo Entertainment System Classic NES Series Super Mario Bros. Super Smash Bros. Petrarch Super Smash Bros. Melee Johan Kenkhuis Platform game Warner Bros. Television Inspector Gadget spinoff incarnations Fad Gadget Engine cooling Sie and hir Bryan Adams Subway 400 Consumer price index Prince of Hongnong Toon Disney Tony Stewart Terry Wogan The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius Mark Lawson Gollum Link (Legend of Zelda) 1991 Golden Raspberry Awards Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Peanuts Empress He (Ling) Jim Gaffigan Super Mario Bros. 2 