when a crime is committed by someone who has a powerful status in this society when a crime is committed by someone who has a powerful status in this society how is their deviant behavior handled in comparison to someone who has less power in society just take a look at oj simpson paris hilton lindsay lohan micheal jackson robert blake senator ted kennedy president bush to name a few if you got the dough you don't have to go only the rich and famous get special privileges that the rest of us 'common folk' wouldn't get if we did what they did they'd have no trouble locking us up Rick Santorum Robert F. Kennedy Celebrity Karl Rove Plame affair Ted Kennedy Crime 2005 trial of Michael Jackson I Dream of Jeannie John Lindsay Democratic Party (United States) Paris Hilton President of the United States Crime in Australia Plame affair timeline Unlawful combatant Wisden Cricketers of the Year Lindsay Lohan John F. Kennedy E! True Hollywood Story U.S. presidential election, 1980 Federal government of the United States Nicole Richie Russ Feingold Robert Byrd Prisoner (TV series) Stage name Alberto Gonzales Pop princess Ashlee Simpson Knots Landing Supreme Court of the United States The Parent Trap Civil rights Reagan Administration Watergate scandal John Roberts Ted Lindsay Criticism of libertarianism South Park Mary Jo Kopechne Paraphilia Rape Movement to impeach George W. Bush Prison Kennedy family O. J. Simpson Autograph St. Albans School Dynasty (TV series) Hilary Duff Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Watchmen John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Effeminacy Yale University Social class Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations Eric West Serial killer Social psychology Marilyn Monroe George W. Bush Religion and sexuality 102nd United States Congress 100th United States Congress Aberdeen Channel One News 101st United States Congress Major League Baseball television contracts Law & Order Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Same-sex marriage Sociology of deviance Queer as Folk (U.S.) Richard Nixon Anthony Kennedy Pop music Harriet Miers President pro tempore of the United States Senate Ninety-eighth United States Congress Ninety-ninth United States Congress John McCain Jury trial __mile Durkheim Super Bowl XXXIX The Love Boat Property (ownership right) Guantanamo Bay Samuel Alito Tribal sovereignty Bob McEwen Psychiatric hospital Lyndon B. Johnson Ninety-fifth United States Congress United States Customs Service Central Intelligence Agency U.S. presidential election, 1988 National Medal of Science 