is there anyway i can get my name out of my home loan without refinancing my husband and i are on the loan and i just want his name on it is that possible you can always ask but it's highly unlikely that they'll release you unless he refinances in his own name alone Refinancing Savings and loan association Debt consolidation Mortgage Mortgage-backed security Primerica Financial Services Central bank Economy of Russia Deficit Debt O'Fallon, Missouri Government National Mortgage Association Argentine economic crisis (1999-2002) Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. Air America-Gloria Wise loan controversy Leveraged buyout Warner Music Group Neocolonialism Consumer finance Annual percentage rate Predatory lending Strategic Petroleum Reserve Celta Vigo The Last Seduction Fleischer Studios Call centre Insurance Emirates Stadium Sunderland A.F.C. Michael Milken Real estate bubble US property bubble Coachella Valley 401(k) Federal National Mortgage Association Gwinnett Gladiators Monetary policy Economy of Kuwait King Ranch Pets.com Loanword Alberta Real estate developer G. I. Bill of Rights Hindi NTL Mobile home Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation Portsmouth F.C. Student loan Economy of the Philippines Economy of Chile ACORN Football Manager Laura Ingalls Wilder Home insurance Mary Manin Morrissey Usury John Vanbrugh Savings and Loan crisis Armenia The Tenth Planet Aramaic language Bank of China (Hong Kong) Charles, Prince of Wales Nuclear proliferation Celtic F.C. Millennium Stadium Nguyen Ngoc Loan Tino De Angelis Developing countries' debt Economy of the United States Education in the United States Giant Panda Economy of Ghana Economy of Oman Shepperton Studios B-47 Stratojet Irish Life and Permanent Jim Cairns Abbie G. Rogers Interlibrary loan New Zealand general election, 2005 USS Sand Lance (SS-381) Valencia CF University of Pretoria Economy of Pakistan Viking F.K. Israel LMS diesel shunters Economy of Argentina Katana Rolls-Royce RB211 Financial aid Norwich City F.C. PSV Eindhoven Twins (film) Maria Korp Atl__tico de Madrid 