is wayne rooney and cristiano the two biggest attractions in the premiership i personally feel they are of the most marketable players in europe not just in england i think currently the most marketable player is cristiano then followed by kaka then rooney i think u are right on this Wayne Rooney Alex Ferguson Manchester United 1999-present Cristiano Ronaldo Manchester United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Everton F.C. UEFA Champions League 2004-05 in English football FA Premier League FA Premier League 2004-05 Gordon Strachan FA Premier League 2002-03 Alan Smith England national football team 2004 European Football Championship London Guinness Premiership Portugal national football team Ruud van Nistelrooy 2004-05 NHL lockout Football culture FIFA Series Robbie Fowler James Milner (footballer) Nottingham Forest F.C. Norway national football team England national football team records Joe Cole (footballer) Leeds United F.C. Michael Owen Kevin Campbell (footballer) Cristiano da Matta Ryan Giggs Northampton Saints Computer and video games Striker Moros y Cristianos World Hockey Association South Australian National Football League 1960s Mickey Rooney PFA Young Player of the Year Leicester Bryan Robson Salary cap Wayne Gretzky Ole Gunnar Solskj__r Sunderland A.F.C. National Football League West Ham United F.C. Harmonica Pittsburgh Steelers Park Ji-Sung FA Premier League 1995-96 Peter Reid Benni McCarthy Power pop Sydney Swans Ipswich Town F.C. Sports betting Leicester Tigers Andy Johnson Teddy Sheringham Frank Lampard Aston Villa F.C. Windsor, Ontario Wayne Carey Ford Focus Rangers F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts Arsenal F.C. statistics Super League (Australia) Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Bristol Rugby Crystal Palace F.C. Coventry City F.C. Denmark national football team Chelsea F.C. Indianapolis Colts The Late Late Show Kaka Professional Darts Corporation Hitomi Andy Rooney Rugby union Kak__ Hockey Hall of Fame David Beckham Alan Shearer Judy Garland David O'Leary Birmingham Portsmouth F.C. Charlton Athletic F.C. FA Cup Carlton Football Club Emile Heskey Gabriel Heinze 