who is the most complete player specifically who is good at scoring passing and tackling defending kaka and ronaldinho are the best players but neither is known for their defense and tackling i think gerrard or patrick viera fit the bill but i'd like to hear some other players well steven gerrard is the most complete player ever past and present but since you wanted to hear other names michael essien the closest thing you get to steven gerrard when then lyon manager gerard houllier who also happened to be a former liverpool boss claimed that he has someone in his squad equally as good as gerrard i thought he must be boasting attracting attention boosting his players' confidence raising the price tag of his player whatever except the truth but when essien got to play for chelsea and i got a closer look at him i realise houllier as not too far off the truth not on par with gerrard but relatively close the closest anyone can get and he's younger too with unlimted stamina crunching tackles and crackling long shot he's the next best all rounder owen hargeaves a typical english player bulldog spirit never gives up a chase once he locks on a target he closes him down before passing the ball forward now at manchester united he has to prove he's got what it takes to play at the highest level michael ballck past his prime already but used to be one of the best in business in one particular champiosn league match liverpool against bayer leverkusen quite some years back a teenage gerrard was outshone and outplayed in every department by the brilliant ballack how times have changed the gerrard of present would have had ballack for breakfast kevin nolan and joey barton a poor man's steven gerrard Steven Gerrard Alex Ferguson Rugby league Bayer Leverkusen England national football team 2005-06 in English football Liverpool F.C. Rugby union Paul Ince Everton F.C. FA Cup Jack Charlton American football Football (soccer) positions Chelsea F.C. Michael Ballack Bryan Robson 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand 2004-05 in English football Norway national football team February 2005 in sports Midfielder Leeds United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Jamie Carragher New York Giants Glossary of American football September 2005 in sports Lee Dixon G__rard Houllier Rugby league positions Gary Stevens Crystal Palace F.C. John Arne Riise San Francisco 49ers December 2004 in sports Carolina Panthers Tag English cricket team Basketball FA Premier League West Ham United F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Steve McMahon Geoff Hurst Football (soccer) Peter Shilton August 2005 in sports The Football League Manchester United F.C. Volleyball American football strategy Tranmere Rovers F.C. Phil Thompson Norman Hunter Alan Ball (footballer) History of Arsenal F.C. Real Madrid Billy Bremner Super Bowl XXVII Ice hockey David Beckham PFA Young Player of the Year Michael Essien Troms__ I.L. Pittsburgh Steelers Gerrard Winstanley Ravi Shastri Michael Owen Denis Law Lineman (football) The Ashes National Football League Manchester United 1986-1999 Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles 2005 English cricket season Dennis Bergkamp Gordon Banks Super Bowl XXV Rangers F.C. Australian rules football Offensive team W. G. Grace EastEnders Wide receiver American Football League UEFA Champions League 