champions league i reckon all teams that have been in the competition for ten years without winning it should be banned for five years to give other teams a chance after all they are only making up the numbers shrimper how many times have you won it you play terrible boring football that impresses no one in europe at least we would have a go just think it is getting boring watching the same also rans every year as for back door what are nd rd and th doing there anyway why not arsenal and cfc have never won the competition and do not look like doing so they might as well let some other teams have a pop as well FA Cup UEFA Champions League Football (soccer) Alex Ferguson Arsenal F.C. The Football League FA Premier League League Cup Newcastle United F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Celtic F.C. Rugby league Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. National Hockey League All-Star Game Super Bowl XIV Bundesliga (football) Farnborough Town F.C. Super Bowl Pittsburgh Steelers Canadian Football League West Division National Football League S.League American football Football in England Rangers F.C. Chelsea F.C. Sports timeline Ali Daei Everton F.C. Frank Lampard Playoff UEFA Gabriel Batistuta Michael Owen Jupiler League Raith Rovers F.C. UEFA Cup FA Premier League 1995-96 American Football League West Bromwich Albion F.C. Ars__ne Wenger Playoff format Viv Anderson Manchester United 1986-1999 Liverpool F.C. IFK G__teborg Sheffield United F.C. British Home Championship Miami Dolphins Bangor City F.C. Gordon Banks Jack Charlton Norwegian Premier League Leicester City F.C. Primera Divisi__n Argentina Michael Schumacher Wrexham A.F.C. John Aldridge Big East Conference Buffalo Bills Campeonato Brasileiro Manchester United F.C. FA Premier League 2001-02 Troms__ I.L. Wales national rugby union team New York Jets FA Premier League 2003-04 Swindon Town F.C. Campeonato Carioca Manchester City F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 Dulwich Hamlet F.C. 2004-05 in English football Blackburn Rovers F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Super League (Australia) Norway national football team Formula One Preston North End F.C. Super Bowl XXXIV Australian Football League Women's football (soccer) Sunderland A.F.C. Kansas City Chiefs FA Premier League 1994-95 History of Arsenal F.C. David Rocastle Canadian football Eredivisie Football World Cup FA Premier League 2002-03 April 2005 in sports Bowl Championship Series Alan Ball (footballer) National Football League Lore Ajax Amsterdam 