who do you think will win the match between barcelona and bayern munich on aug i'm going for barcelona the spanish giants but do u think barca really has a strong enough team to beat bayern munich the german giants i think barcelona with ronaldinho henry etoo messi and all their stars could crush bayern what do u think barca will ronaldinho henry messi gio dos santos eto'o the best in the world barca Bayern Munich FC Barcelona Ronaldinho Frank Rijkaard UEFA Champions League September 2005 in sports Gerd M__ller Real Madrid Deco Aston Villa F.C. Manchester United F.C. Brazil national football team Michael Ballack September 2004 in sports Franz Beckenbauer Bavaria Alex Ferguson FIFA Series Mehmet Scholl Futebol Clube do Porto IFK G__teborg Bundesliga (football) February 2005 in sports Munich December 2004 in sports Football World Cup 1982 Manchester United 1986-1999 October 2004 in sports Ali Daei Ronaldo Raith Rovers F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht April 2005 in sports England national football team Claudio Pizarro November 2004 in sports March 2005 in sports Jos__ Mourinho Diego Maradona European Footballer of the Year Sepp Maier Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Barcelona Leeds United F.C. Andriy Shevchenko Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Who's your daddy? August 2005 in sports Local derby Josep Guardiola FC Schalke 04 Mark Hughes Major football rivalries Branko Oblak 1. FC Kaiserslautern Oliver Kahn Werder Bremen RCD Espanyol Everton F.C. 1936 Summer Olympics FIFA World Player of the Year Rangers F.C. Bayer Leverkusen 1992 Summer Olympics Habsburg Spain Poland national football team Hamilcar Barca FC Hansa Rostock David Beckham World Series La Liga Gordon McQueen Luis Figo Pedro Calder__n de la Barca RCD Mallorca Sports in Puerto Rico FC Girondins de Bordeaux Borussia M__nchengladbach Argentina national football team Boris Becker Russell Watson FC St. Pauli Jens Voigt History of Arsenal F.C. Bayerischer Rundfunk Cork City F.C. The Double Survivor Series Teddy Sheringham New York Rangers Pinto da Costa Michael Laudrup El Hijo del Santo Ladislao Kubala Cabaret Giants Stadium S__o Paulo Futebol Clube Football (soccer) positions Iran national football team C__sar Luis Menotti 