whcih epl defender do u think would make a good striker very interesting question er essien is techincally not a defender he is a midfielder asked to play in defense for chelsea cos they haven't got a half decent right back and alves is not an epl defender yet chelsea are interested in him so he cant really count so then below are a list of defenders whom i think could be converted into potential strikers do note that i have excluded defenders such as terry who scores goals too because scoring with his head is typical defender's goal i'll choose those who can score with their left or right foot daniel agger liverpool scored some great goals in his short career at liverpool and still counting plays with the same elegance as man utd's rio ferdinand but scores more goals usually defenders score goals with their head but this guy can do some damage with his feet just ask chelsea fans and who can forget his goal against west ham last season kolo toure and william gallas arsenal they can score goals with their feet too can charge forward with much menace too ashley cole micah richards and eboue chelsea man city and arsenal respectively all three are explosive wing backs who can dribble has plenty of pace to burn and tricky dribbling skills their ability to cut in from the flank rather than attack from the deep means that they belong to the thierry henry mould unorthodox strikers john arne riise liverpool ultimate terror for opposing defenders they'd rather riise score because if he misses most likely it's because the ball hit their legs and broke them players like rio ferdinand and ricardo carvalho would make better midfielders rather than strikers because even though they can play some football and are very comfortable with the ball at their feet they don't really possess much goal threats hence with their good passing range they'd more likely be converted to midfielders not strikers Leeds United F.C. Frank Lampard Alex Ferguson Midfielder Newcastle United F.C. Bryan Robson Striker England national football team Defender (football) Chelsea F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Baseball Ipswich Town F.C. Norway national football team Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Norman Hunter Jos__ Mourinho Water polo Robert Pir__s Football (soccer) American football Geoff Hurst History of Arsenal F.C. Football records in England Manchester United F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 Thierry Henry Damien Duff Rugby league Everton F.C. John Arne Riise Volleyball Fielding (cricket) Swindon Town F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers David Beckham Paul Ince FA Premier League 1994-95 FA Premier League 1995-96 Dennis Bergkamp F.C. United of Manchester 2003-04 in English football New York Giants John Aldridge Gordon Banks Super Bowl XIV Canadian football Field hockey Rugby union positions Michael Owen Joe Cole (footballer) FA Cup Basketball American football strategy FA Premier League 2003-04 Sheffield United F.C. Billy Bremner Cincinnati Bengals West Bromwich Albion F.C. Arsenal F.C. Eidur Gudjohnsen Rio Ferdinand Rangers F.C. Paul Mariner Fast bowling Peter Shilton John Terry Manchester United 1986-1999 Tranmere Rovers F.C. Ian Wright National Football League Lore Coventry City F.C. Liverpool F.C. Teddy Sheringham Winger (sport) Super Bowl XXIV FA Premier League 1993-94 Michael Essien 2001-02 in English football Martin Peters Trevor Francis Comparison of Canadian and American football Kevin Keegan Football chant Ray Kennedy Batting (cricket) Team Fortress Classic Luton Town F.C. 