this messi kid is a bit special lionel messi at the grand old age of six destroys the opposition what a star http www youtube com watch v wad fqkk c maybe this kid rhain davis that man utd signed might be seriously worth keeping an eye on yes i agree most of the players stunning spectators gio messi fabregas kaka all started football when they were toddlers messi played for barca b squad just at fabregas was nominated for barclays player of the year when he was so there would be no surpprise if this kid grabbs attention in few years Norway national football team Manchester United F.C. Mark Messier Francesc Fabregas Newcastle United F.C. Edmonton Oilers Topps Real Madrid National Football League American football Wayne Gretzky The Football League Football (soccer) David Cooper (footballer) New York Rangers Snooker Arsenal F.C. statistics David Beckham Sydney Swans American Football League Leeds United F.C. University of Texas at Dallas Carolina Panthers FC Barcelona Dundee United F.C. Hastings United FC Toronto Argonauts Argentina national football team AFL-NFL Merger Alex Ferguson Gordie Howe Rugby union Torquay United F.C. Cleveland Browns Sevilla FC Coma Berenices Pleiades (star cluster) Bette Davis Pete Sampras History of Test cricket (to 1883) Sheffield United F.C. History of rugby union Athletic Bilbao Glossary of American football Denis Law Orlando Magic Double Dare Kylie Minogue Chelsea F.C. Davis Cup Kevin Keegan FA Premier League St. Louis Blues (hockey) 2004-05 in English football Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Ronaldo Vegeta Black Eye Galaxy Gustavo Kuerten England national football team Kak__ Chris Amon The Championships, Wimbledon Raymond Bourque Hannibal Canadian football Hurling Andromeda Galaxy Maccabi Haifa F.C. Brian Leetch Poker jargon King of New York Wargaming Arthur Ashe Andre Agassi Peter Shilton Doug Flutie Wrexham A.F.C. West Ham United F.C. England national rugby union team Tennis Stockport County F.C. Boston Bruins Patrick McEnroe Syracuse University Orange 808 State Hollywood Squares Frank Lampard Uniform Resource Locator Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Stanley Cup Gaelic football HyperText Transfer Protocol Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Crewe Alexandra F.C. Syracuse University Volleyball VS System Tottenham Hotspur F.C. 