what soccer team international or club should i be backing up ok the problem is i need to support a team but the us team is garbage and so are our club teams so that isn't an option i don't want to just jump on the bandwagon and be like all the people who cheer for chelsea manchester utd italy etc just because they win alot should i just go w countries of my heritage or is there a way to magically find out which team has the least amount of douche baggy players and support them your obviously a fud mate you can't support a national team thats not your country it just doesnt work like that and you don't support a team on the basis if they are going to be successful i sincerly hope you don't choose celtic choose your local team and country regardless of their form and then maybe you can be considered to be a decent football fan Manchester United F.C. Chelsea F.C. West Ham United F.C. Football (soccer) 2004-05 in English football David Beckham Alex Ferguson Frank Lampard Sport in Ireland Football in the United Kingdom Rugby union West Bromwich Albion F.C. Cork City F.C. England national football team Nottingham Forest F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Dundee United F.C. Arsenal F.C. Brazil national football team Football culture Leeds United F.C. St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Major football rivalries Sheffield United F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Aberdeen F.C. Troms__ I.L. The Football League Celtic F.C. F.C. United of Manchester Jack Charlton Blackburn Rovers F.C. Sport in the United Kingdom Charlton Athletic F.C. Notts County F.C. FA Premier League Aston Villa F.C. FIFA Teddy Sheringham Football World Cup Manchester United 1999-present Kenny Dalglish Ipswich Town F.C. Rangers F.C. Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United FA Cup Jos__ Mourinho Kevin Keegan Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Paul Ince IFK G__teborg Portsmouth F.C. Everton F.C. Queens Park Rangers F.C. Maccabi Haifa F.C. American football February 2005 in sports Orlando Magic Netherlands national football team AFC Wimbledon Stockport County F.C. FIFA Series Club Am__rica New York Giants Gaelic football Scotland national rugby union team Wimbledon F.C. Germany national football team Hibernian F.C. Mark Hughes Torquay United F.C. S.League Eric Cantona FA Premier League 2004-05 Bryan Robson Rugby league in England Boca Juniors United States women's national soccer team University of Texas at Dallas United States men's national soccer team Norway national football team Toronto Argonauts History of Arsenal F.C. Zin__dine Zidane Rugby football April 2005 in sports Sheepshead National Hockey League All-Star Game National Football League Graeme Souness Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Los Angeles Clippers Swindon Town F.C. Middlesbrough F.C. FA Premier League 2003-04 Ars__ne Wenger Canadian Soccer Association 