who do you think is the best goalkeeper and what do you think of gregory coupet i thinks hes probably at lest in the top definitely petr cech he's the kind of solid no frills keeper all top class teams need look how chelsea struggled along when he was absent this should be enough evidence that even a world class team like chelsea overflowing with talent can miss a keeper and lose almost half of their games is really amazing best of all he's only very young for a keeper this gives him more than a decade to develope into an even better player yet talk about youngsters and we have keepers like igor akinfeev scott carson also and lukasz fabianski who at present look to have the most potential to be future world class custodians gregory coupet is no doubt the undisputed no in the france national team but what he gets week in week out is ligue football and he has to leave lyon and go play in a better league to realise his true potential not that he has much time left he's already but coupet is no doubt one of the most able keepers in the business probably just behind cech buffon and casillas overall ranking petr cech gianluigi buffon iker casillas gregory coupet edwin van der sar __ker Casillas Petr __ech Norway national football team Chelsea F.C. Gordon Banks Italy national football team FA Premier League 2004-05 Alex Ferguson Peter Shilton Aston Villa F.C. FA Cup Everton F.C. England national football team Jack Charlton Newcastle United F.C. Football (soccer) Australian cricket team Claudio Ranieri Leeds United F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. National Hockey League Bryan Robson Geoff Hurst Real Madrid Ligue 1 The Football League February 2005 in sports Bobby Charlton 2001-02 in English football Celtic F.C. Rangers F.C. Jos__ Mourinho United States men's national soccer team Detroit Red Wings Bundesliga (football) St. Louis Rams New York Giants Pittsburgh Pirates John Terry John Aldridge Mario Lemieux Portsmouth F.C. 2004-05 in English football Rugby union Tim Howard Cincinnati Bengals Troms__ I.L. Crystal Palace F.C. Leigh Richmond Roose Cincinnati Reds Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles R.S.C. Anderlecht Frank Lampard Ajax Amsterdam FC Rostov Olympique de Marseille Oliver Kahn Football World Cup David Beckham West Ham United F.C. Manchester United 1999-present Notts County F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Manchester United F.C. UEFA Champions League Miami Dolphins Dennis Bergkamp 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Ligue Nationale de Rugby Billy Bremner FA Premier League 2001-02 FA Premier League Chris Woods Playoff Marcel Desailly Viking F.K. Overtime (ice hockey) National Football League Cleveland Indians New England Patriots FA Premier League 2003-04 Cleveland Browns Georgia Institute of Technology Blackburn Rovers F.C. Canadian Football League Derby County F.C. Gianfranco Zola History of Arsenal F.C. Charlton Athletic F.C. Ecuador national football team Ali Daei Super Bowl XXVII Toronto Blue Jays Portugal national football team Bowl Championship Series Professional sports Lev Yashin 