cannavaro zidane roberto carlos praise for becks here's a may article where cannavaro said beckham is a player i like very much both for his technique and the way he thinks the italian world cup winner said he is a man who always wants to win and he has transmitted that mentality to the squad http www soccer com blog cannavaro praise for becks blog here's a video of zidane and roberto carlos praising beckham after he signed up for la galaxy http www dailymotion com dbfo beckham video x e g adios beckham part three sport do you agree with cannavaro zidane and roberto carlos when they say that beckham is a good player on and off the pitch i do sasan i agree he does not deserve million in fact he's not guaranteed to get it he's only guaranteed million a year the rest he has to earn through endorsements ticket sales merchandise sales and other ways new england patriots calm down i'm a beckham fan i was being facetious when i said he didn't deserve million the reason i asked this question is to show that beckham's fellow players have respect for him and his talent i'm just so tired of people saying he over rated even though as you said the coaches have acknowledged his talent by recalling him plus as i said his fellow players respect him i agree that he is a great player both on and off the pitch i agree with you david beckham is a great player i don't care what other people say about beckham what matters to me is what other pro soccer players say and how they respect him David Beckham Real Madrid Zin__dine Zidane FIFA World Player of the Year Steve McManaman Juventus F.C. Football (soccer) Spice Girls FIFA Series Bobby Charlton FC Barcelona England national football team Chelsea F.C. Baseball Diego Maradona Football culture Roberto Baggio American Football League Michael Owen Toronto Blue Jays Cincinnati Bengals Football (soccer) positions Boca Juniors Manchester United 1986-1999 Brazil national football team Arsenal F.C. New York Yankees International League National Football League New England Patriots Andre Agassi Chicago White Sox Ayrton Senna FIFA 100 Alan Shearer Plame affair Major League Soccer Privacy France national football team Leeds United F.C. F.C. United of Manchester Alex Ferguson Sports in Puerto Rico Satchel Paige Roger Federer Pete Sampras Los Angeles Kings Theory of conduct Maccabi Haifa F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Ravi Shastri Football World Cup 1998 World Championship Wrestling World Series Club Am__rica New York Giants Super Bowl Terrell Owens D.C. United Steve Nash IFK G__teborg Jacksonville Jaguars Denis Law Bj__rn Borg Gustavo Kuerten Detroit Tigers Cristiano Ronaldo Futebol Clube do Porto Florida Marlins New York Jets Sven-G__ran Eriksson Alan Hansen Atlanta Braves Continental Basketball Association Final Fantasy IX Larry Bird Midfielder Newcastle United F.C. Football World Cup Extreme Championship Wrestling October 2005 in sports Dennis Bergkamp Baltimore Orioles Cork City F.C. Bobby Knight Rugby union Italy national football team St. Louis Rams Abortion debate Wayne Gretzky Formation (football) New York Rangers 