Clinical and laboratory features of murine typhus in south Texas, 1980 through 1987.
 OBJECTIVE.--The clinical and laboratory features of patients with murine typhus have not been extensively reviewed since 1946.
 We have updated these findings in patients from south Texas who were examined by modern clinical and laboratory methods from 1980 through 1987.
 DESIGN.--Patients were identified by serological methods in this case series, and clinical, epidemiologic, laboratory, and therapeutic data were compiled and analyzed.
 SETTING.--The majority of patients (77 of 80) were identified in a primary care community hospital setting; the remainder (3 of 80) were ambulatory hospital outpatients.
 PATIENTS.--From 1980 through 1987, a total of 345 patients were diagnosed with murine typhus; 90 of these patients were seen at four hospitals in south Texas; of these, 80 had clinical and laboratory data available for review.
 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES.--The frequency of common clinical manifestations (eg, headache, fever, and rash) and laboratory findings (eg, leukocyte and platelet counts and serum chemistry abnormalities) of patients with infectious diseases was tabulated.
 Clinical severity was semiquantitatively assessed and was correlated with clinical, laboratory, and therapeutic results.
 RESULTS.--Most cases (69%) occurred from April through August.
 Rash occurred in 54%; the triad of fever, headache, and rash was observed in only 12.5% of patients when first examined by a physician; respiratory and gastrointestinal symptoms were also frequent.
 Multiple organ involvement was documented by frequent abnormal laboratory findings of the hematologic, respiratory, hepatic, and renal systems.
 Disease severity was related to older patient age, the presence of renal dysfunction, leukocytosis, and hypoalbuminemia, and previous therapy with sulfa antibiotics.
 CONCLUSIONS.--Infection by Rickettsia typhi causes a systemic illness with clinical and laboratory abnormalities not previously recognized or described.
 Early clinical diagnosis and treatment are needed to avoid undue morbidity and mortality.
