why i keep getting dishnetwork filers for but when i sign up they tell me its going to be or more this has happen more that twice they tell me that its to start service and when i'm finish sign up they tell me it to is their away around this you probably don't qualify for it it has strict credit score criteria make sure you don't call a rd party on it too those are the worst call dish themselves if you don't qualify for the promotion it's for a sd room no dvr and you get back for months or you can do a room for and get back for months additonal features like dvr and hd will get you a very high upfront cost it's all about your credit score try another member of the household if you don't qualify see if they do it's worth a shot New York Knicks Bundesliga (football) TiVo Direct broadcast satellite High-definition television Sumo West Bromwich Albion F.C. Alex Ferguson Digital video recorder Norway national football team World Series Cincinnati Bengals Peter Shilton Steve Nash Bryan Robson Leicester City F.C. Chicago Bulls Eggerland series Paul Mariner New York Giants Brazil national football team Ecuador national football team Jack Charlton New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets Super Bowl XXVII Playoff 2005 English cricket season Troms__ I.L. Brian Little (footballer) Pittsburgh Steelers Hearts (game) Wayne Gretzky Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 Virgin Mobile Babe Ruth Nuanced voices on the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji) Buffalo Bills Indianapolis 500 Blackburn Rovers F.C. David Beckham Los Angeles Clippers Tennis America Online Satchel Paige Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Education in Germany Poland at the 2004 Summer Olympics Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 Chris Amon Aston Villa F.C. New Morning Oakland Raiders Paul Ince New York Jets FA Premier League 2001-02 Harry Redknapp Ivan Capelli R.S.C. Anderlecht Graduate school Hybrid vehicle Broadband Internet access Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics Ben Johnson (athlete) Frank Lampard Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics Denmark national football team Leeds United F.C. Pittsburgh Penguins Mario Lemieux Microsoft Elevator West Ham United F.C. PGA Championship Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Torquay United F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Life insurance Jordan Grand Prix Pyramid (game show) FairTax Fulham F.C. 2000 Australian Grand Prix Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind FA Cup Miami Dolphins Steve Coppell October 2004 in sports Boston Red Sox W. G. Grace Affirmative action Star Trek: First Contact Let's Make a Deal Jim Thorpe Ocean's Twelve Jenson Button Fanny Blankers-Koen Ray Harford The Football League Prost (racing team) 