mrrrrrrrrrrrrrr kennedy why did they make mr kennedy loose his mitb title shot to edge the undertaker tore his bicep and they needed a replacement champ really fast with the money in the bank kennedy was next in line but it appeared he had tore his right tricep right off the bone so they had edge pick up the scraps but then it turned out kennedy's injury wasn't as serious as first thought isn't that a bummer Adam Copeland David Bautista Eddie Guerrero Arm Scapula John Layfield John F. Kennedy assassination Weight training Mark Calaway Humerus Amy Dumas Paul Wight Vince McMahon Elbow-joint Shawn Michaels Carolina Panthers Los Angeles Clippers Artificial limb Jason Reso Glen Jacobs Paul Levesque The Contender (television series) Fast bowling John Kerry Parachute WWE No Mercy Neighbours David M. Kennedy Peripheral nervous system Equine conformation Blade Runner USS Wasp (CV-18) Robert F. Kennedy Indian Oil Cup 2005 Dead Kennedys Stone Cold Steve Austin Kennedy assassination theories BBC television drama American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Winning Streak Craps Kurt Angle Ted Kennedy Hardcore punk Charles Haughey Terminal ballistics Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Drill bit Tire Cleveland Browns Make money fast Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. Cincinnati Bengals The Inside Wall Street Battlecruiser Lee Harvey Oswald Slayer (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Assassination Evel Knievel Leon White Dice Hans Island Space Shuttle program Swingout Stopping power History of Arsenal F.C. USS Kennedy (DD-306) Grand Central Terminal The Great American Bash New York Knicks Poker jargon Hush... Hush, Sweet Charlotte Knife Gordon Banks Evolution (professional wrestling) Anterior cruciate ligament Traumatic brain injury Troy Kennedy Martin EastEnders Break the Bank Hulk Hogan Matt Hardy Mr. Olympia Professional wrestling slang Leon S. Kennedy Wheel of Fortune WrestleMania X8 Tears for Fears James J. Hill Meat Loaf Nirvana (band) Babe Ruth Physical attractiveness John F. Kennedy Space Center Grand Theft Auto (game) Resident Evil Characters in the Smurfs Orthopedic surgery 