looking for cyndaquil i have all these pokemon to trade a cyndaquil turtwig chimchar piplup treeko mudkip torchic lavitar bulbasaur trapinch snubbull gible nincada castform cubone bagon lileep lotad omanyte seedot tyrouge ralts wailmer eevee makuhita swinub kabuto kecleon likitung shroomish slakoth whismur sableye electrike carvanha corphish absol spheal cranidos shieldon riolu skorupi carnivine mantyke i give you won for a mudkip trevor i am on now give me your fc please Paper Mario Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Mario Super Smash Bros. Goomba Lakitu Super Mario 64 Bowser Koopa Troopa Mario series enemies Super Mario World Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario remake series Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Nintendo GameCube Mario Bros. Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Super Mario Bros. 3 Luigi Princess Peach Super Mario Advance 4 Toad (Nintendo) Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Mushroom Kingdom Yoshi Super Smash Bros. Melee Koopa Kid Boss (video games) Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Platform game Analog stick Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario All-Stars Super Mario Bros. Fire Flower Bob-omb Professor E. Gadd Intelligent Systems Mario Kart DS Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Piranha Plant E-Reader Super Mario Land Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Mario Kart 64 The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Nintendo Shigeru Miyamoto Shy Guy Chomp (Mario) Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Nintendo 64 Animal Crossing Thwomp Super Mario 128 King Boo Mario's Picross Monty Mole Mario Kart Super Mario Bros. (film) Banjo-Kazooie Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Tetris Attack Nintendo DS Mouser Milton H. Erickson Yoshi's Story Super Mario Kart Saffron Super Mario Bros. television series Rab Butler Mario Party Minus world Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Diddy Kong Koji Kondo Commander Keen Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Mushroom Wario World Super Nintendo Entertainment System Nintendo Revolution Birdo Yuka Tsujiyoko Wario Pencil Luigi's Mansion Doki Doki Panic May (Pok__mon) Super Mario Strikers Croydon Street Fighter Kremling Krew Video game character Princess Daisy Saffron Walden Flag of India The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening characters 