mario golf for nintendo how do you get the remaining characters i have them up to bowser and when you go to get character mode you cant play for dk maple or metal mario how can you unlock those characters and i know the is old but i still play it too maple unlcok her by getting birdie badges in tournament mode dk unlock him by getting stars in the ring golf mode metal mario unlock him by getting all birdie badges in tournament mode Super Smash Bros. Melee Mario Golf Super Mario 64 DS Bowser Mario Paper Mario Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Wario Mario Kart Super Circuit Mario Kart DS Mario Party 3 Princess Peach Mario Party Advance Mario Kart 64 Luigi Super Smash Bros. Super Mario World Super Mario Kart Super Mario All-Stars Super Mario Bros. Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Super Mario Bros. 2 Mario Party Mario series enemies Mario Party series Tetris Attack Super Mario Sunshine Mario Party 2 Koopa Kid Mario Party 7 Boss (video games) Crash Team Racing Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Waluigi Super Mario Strikers Hammer Brothers Lakitu Toadette Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Mario Power Tennis Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Toad (Nintendo) Mario Kart Mario Party 4 Yoshi Touch & Go Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Hot Shots Golf (series) Super Mario remake series Nintendo DS Koopa Troopa Luigi's Mansion Game & Watch Gallery Super Mario Bros. television series Goomba Sonic Adventure DX: Director's Cut Diddy Kong Nintendo GameCube Intelligent Systems Konami Code Birdo Diddy Kong Racing Super Mario Bros. 3 Daigasso! Band Brothers Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Princess Daisy King Boo Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Dr. Mario 64 Game Boy Golf club (equipment) Stormfront Studios Metroid Prime: Hunters Banjo-Kazooie Pok__mon Super Mario Advance 4 Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Mario Pinball Land Super Nintendo Entertainment System Star Fox: Assault Wave Race: Blue Storm Sonic R Kirby's Dream Land Nintendo Comics System Wart (Nintendo) Difficulty level The Legend of Zelda series Mario Is Missing! Kamek Golf Jack Nicklaus Yoshi's Safari Game & Watch Gallery 4 Koji Kondo Yoshi Vijay Singh Classic NES Series 