what do you need to make a good teaser trailer i'm currently finished a game i have created on rpg maker but i want to make a teaser trailer not an actual trailer i don't have fancy effects just window's movie maker what should i include to make a good teaser trailor all you need to do is to showcase the highlights Shigeru Miyamoto Super Mario 128 Mario Donkey Kong Super Mario World The Legend of Zelda series Nintendo Super Mario 64 Koopa Kid Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Yoshi Koji Kondo Nintendo Revolution Donkey Kong (arcade game) Super Mario Land Sega Doki Doki Panic Pikmin series Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Intelligent Systems Gunpei Yokoi The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Wario Super Mario Bros. Platform game The Legend of Zelda Metroid series Mario series enemies Chomp (Mario) Mario Is Missing! Link (Legend of Zelda) Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Game Boy Kirby Luigi Ash Ketchum Mario Kart Koopa Troopa Yoshi's Story Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Game designer Nintendo 64 Mario Golf The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past Pok__mon (anime) Nintendo GameCube Kirby's Dream Land Nintendo Power Bowser Video game character Dr. Mario 64 Pikmin Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Birdo Diddy Kong Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mushroom Analog stick Nintendo DS Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Luigi's Mansion Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes Princess Zelda Satoshi Tajiri Computer and video games Super Mario remake series Mario Kart 64 Goomba Player's Choice Super Mario All-Stars Mario Party Advance Super Mario 64 DS Lakitu Princess Daisy Super Smash Bros. Melee Pok__mon (video games) Hyrule Super Mario Bros. 2 Donkey Kong Country Mario Party 2 Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Bros. television series Game Boy Advance Rare (video game company) Paper Mario Square Co., Ltd. History of video games (16-bit era) Mario Paint Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Mario Party The Legend of Zelda (TV series) Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Edge (games magazine) Mario Party series Mario Bros. Toad (Nintendo) 