sims game crash while loading monties hi i have the sims university nightlife and pets im getting bon voyage too and i havent played the monties in a while so i tried to load them and it said it crashed and will now terminate why i dont have the patch but i do have downloads and no i will not erase my downloads and i dont think my computer can handle the patch its veryveryvery slow why did it crash the sims have a lot of bugs in them theres not really much anyone can tell you its just the game you can try re installing or getting patches but it seems like you dont want to do that so i guess theres not really much you can do sorry Arsenal F.C. Taekwondo Internet slang Football (soccer) B3ta The Apprentice I Am Furious Yellow Hulk Hogan Oh My Goddess! Sport Club Internacional The Amazing Race Washington State University Virginia Military Institute Stanley Cup Kyle Broflovski Robot Wars Mixed martial arts Gaia Online Royal Rumble Extreme Championship Wrestling RuneScape slang and terminology Professional wrestling match types Voice over IP Everclear (band) Recurring South Park characters Shaolin Soccer Survivor (TV series) Queer Eye for the Straight Guy Survivor: All-Stars Animal Crossing Dude, Where's My Ranch? Orange Order Kimi Finster Big Brother (USA TV series) Gary Gygax Home cinema The Contender (television series) Family Feud St. John's University, New York Tour de France Undergrads Match Game Club Am__rica Beavis and Butt-head International Taekwondo Federation I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here! A-League 2005-06 Treehouse of Horror X Football World Cup Australian Idol I Am the Walrus The Big Lebowski Treehouse of Horror IX Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup Ansari X Prize Basement Japan Cup Rugby union Wi-Fi Leo Frank Legends of the Hidden Temple Paul Is Dead 2005 Ashes series Xiaolin Showdown Contesting Cork City F.C. One-hit wonder Ethan Zohn Grande Biblioth__que du Qu__bec Guy Mitchell The Last Broadcast (film) Mario Superstar Baseball Butters Stotch Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest Team Fortress Classic Rena Mero Planet Waves In Your House Lois Griffin Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Running gag University of Central Florida Eric Cartman Limerick F.C. Bristol City F.C. LOL (Internet slang) Ben Johnson (athlete) Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Jeopardy! Tommy Pickles Indoor soccer Mercury Music Prize The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson Coldplay Questionable Content The Basement Tapes Four Horsemen (professional wrestling) Chatham Cup Germany national football team Home & Garden Television 