may someone please give me a runescape account a lvl or higher would be nice because jagex keeps baning be for no reason and yahoo dont delete this content please because you keep doing that and i'm not going to stop puttting up these questions so give up yahoo answers lol sorry bout that a lvl or higher would be nice becuz jagex keeps baning me for no reason ty just email me at yourknightofsteel yahoo com thx guys i have a level and i don't play anymore so if u make me best answer ill e mail it to u Super Mario Bros. Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Bros. 2 Mario Super Mario 64 Mario series enemies Boss (video games) Wario Super Smash Bros. Bowser Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario Advance 4 Super Mario All-Stars Yoshi Koopa Kid Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario World Paper Mario Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario Kart Lakitu Bob-omb Wart (Nintendo) Koopa Troopa Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Toad (Nintendo) The Wizard (film) Nintendo Power Classic NES Series Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Platform game Hammer Brothers Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Mario Kart 64 Super Mario Land Super Mario 128 Doki Doki Panic Ganon Luigi Princess Zelda Nintendo Fire Emblem Minus world The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time places Birdo Tetris Attack Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Donkey Kong 64 Goomba Wario World Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Donkey Kong Crash Bandicoot Koji Kondo Mega Man VII Yoshi's Safari Crash Team Racing Nintendo Comics System Link (Legend of Zelda) Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Kirby's Dream Land Princess Peach Super Mario Bros. television series Piranha Plant Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Metroid series Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest Nintendo GameCube Mushroom Kingdom Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Kirby: Canvas Curse Adventure Island Blood (computer game) Mario Pinball Land Mario Kart DS Daigasso! Band Brothers Final Fight Kirby Super Mushroom Koopa Rampart (arcade game) Warp pipe Game Boy Final Fantasy IV Mario Is Missing! Player's Choice Super Mario Strikers Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Super Nintendo Entertainment System The Legend of Zelda series Nintendo Entertainment System Stinkoman 20X6 