what is the best ninja game for ps i was kinda looking for a game like ninja gaiden but i can't get a ps because i got the i have a ps though and i would like a ninja game i know about the naruto ones the the shinobi one i was wondering if there were any different ones i also have seen people say final fantasy for some of these questions i don't really want something like that try i ninja its an excellent ninja game Mario Yoshi Mario series enemies Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Yoshi's Story Super Smash Bros. Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Yoshi's Safari Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario remake series Bowser Tetris Attack Super Mario 64 DS Goomba Mario Kart DS Koopa Troopa Yoshi Touch & Go Luigi Super Mario 64 Paper Mario Super Mario World Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario Sunshine Mario Party Birdo Wario Guilty Gear Super Mario Bros. 3 Koopa Kid Super Mario Kart Poochy Kamek Mario Kart 64 Super Mario Strikers Koopa Daigasso! Band Brothers Shigeru Miyamoto Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Mario Bros. 2 Nintendo DS Shy Guy Princess Peach Super Mario Bros. television series Poker jargon Koji Kondo Street Fighter Game Freak Lakitu Analog stick Chomp (Mario) The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Hammer Brothers Intelligent Systems Super Mario All-Stars Game & Watch Gallery Mushroom Kingdom Mario Is Missing! Nintendo GameCube Field hockey Mario Bros. Nintendo Entertainment System Nintendo Power Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes Nintendo Revolution Tongue Professional wrestling attacks Super Nintendo Entertainment System Bob-omb Mario Party series Donkey Kong Professional wrestling holds Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Wart (Nintendo) Nintendo WarioWare characters Computer and video games Professional wrestling double-team maneuvers Mario Kart Piranha Plant Link (Legend of Zelda) Platform game Player's Choice Video game character Pocket Fighter King Boo Toyota Prius Kirby Air Ride Super FX Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Monty Mole Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Curling Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Cianwood City Inspector Gadget Shredder (TMNT) Super Mario Bros. Worms weapons and tools Mario Golf Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner 