new super mario bros ds i beated the last castle w bowser jr and bowser yay and i'm trying get all star coins on each stage now but i can't find the star coin in world anbody knoe i'm not really sure which star coin you really need i guess you're talking about the one that's easiest to miss at around the beginning of the level a lakitu will pop up throwing stuff at you you'll have to use his cloud to get the first star coin since jumping on him makes him and his cloud die use a fire flower stand on a really high ' ' block and hit lakitu with a fireball the cloud will be the only thing lakitu left behind jump onto the cloud you can go really high when you're on the cloud go up to the skys and try finding the star coin i don't know the exact location so you'll have to do it yourself go to the right and go past a few gaps and pirhanna plants ground pound into the ground for the second star coin keep on going to the right until you get to a gold and green go into the green one as it is shooting you up hold up to go into an upside down tube you'll appear in a bonus room with lots of coins and the third star coin once you've collected everything go into the red tube to return to the desert Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario 64 Super Smash Bros. Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario World Wario Super Mario Bros. Mario series enemies Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario remake series Mario Super Mario Sunshine Princess Peach The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Mario Kart DS Super Mario Kart Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Paper Mario Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Mario Bros. 3 Crash Team Racing Donkey Kong 64 Yoshi Touch & Go Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Star Wars: Battlefront Mario Kart 64 Super Mario All-Stars Bowser Yoshi's Safari Super Mario Bros. television series Super Mario Advance 4 Luigi Banjo-Kazooie Mario Is Missing! Kirby's Dream Land Shadow the Hedgehog (video game) Advance Wars: Dual Strike Nintendo Power Star Wars: Rogue Squadron Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Yoshi Nintendo GameCube Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Wario Land II Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Mario Party 6 Blood (computer game) Battlefield 2 Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Disgaea: Hour of Darkness Resident Evil 4 Kirby Super Star Hammer Brothers Secret of Evermore Tetris Attack Sonic R Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Mario Superstar Baseball Secret character Game & Watch Gallery 4 Daigasso! Band Brothers Fire Emblem: The Sacred Stones Star Fox: Assault Star Wars: Battlefront II Super Mario Land Link (Legend of Zelda) Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Final Fantasy IV Seiken Densetsu 3 Mario Pinball Land Nintendo 64 Mario Party 3 Boss (video games) Super Monkey Ball King Boo Toad (Nintendo) RuneScape quests Sonic Adventure 2 Kingdom Hearts II Transformers: Armada Demon Castle Dracula X: Rondo of Blood Pok__mon Mushroom Kingdom Mario Party Advance Nintendo DS Super Mario 128 Advance Wars 2: Black Hole Rising Classic NES Series Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 MegaMan Battle Network 5 Kirby Air Ride Donkey Kong (Game Boy game) Video game music Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door R-Type Super Mario Bros. (film) Koopa Kid 