back when it was sega vs nintendo what was your number one console i can remember when it was super nintendo against sega mega drive genisis in america all the classic games the original sonic the hedgehog and mario games the introduction of cartridge gaming instead of running off tapes the graphics and gaming appeared at that time to be amazing and provided us all with countless hours of quality gaming post what console it was you had and why it was the best points and stars goes to whoever i decide has the best answer super nintendo my first game console we had an atari but it wasnt really myne ooh starfox me and my sister played for about hours strait thats why i laugh ppl saying a game they can make a save point in is too long to get to the boss then we died i didnt play it much after that lol killer instinct is still my favorite fighting game good times good times Koopa Kid Bowser Super Mario Bros. television series Koopa Super Mario Bros. Koopa Troopa Super Mario World Mario Super Mario 64 Super Mario Bros. 3 Princess Daisy Mushroom Kingdom Mario Is Missing! Toad (Nintendo) Paper Mario Goomba Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Lakitu Nintendo Comics System Super Mario Kart Princess Peach Super Mario All-Stars Fire Flower Hammer Brothers Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Mario Kart Super Mario Advance 4 Super Smash Bros. Melee Yoshi Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Mario series enemies Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Mario Strikers Luigi Mario Kart DS Boss (video games) Mario Golf Yoshi's Safari Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Mario Superstar Baseball Kamek Mario Party 7 Mario Party Advance Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario remake series Mario Kart 64 Waluigi Palette swap Koji Kondo Nintendo Power Classic NES Series Mario Party Mario Bros. Birdo Mario Party 2 Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Wario Game & Watch Gallery Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Bob-omb Nintendo Entertainment System E-Reader Cackletta Mario Party series Donkey Kong Country (TV series) Super Mario Land Mario Party 6 Chomp (Mario) Super Mario Sunshine Minus world Fanon (fiction) Mario Party 4 Doki Doki Panic Wart (Nintendo) Mouser Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario 64 DS Enhanced remake Computer and video games The Legend of Zelda series Tetris Attack Parallax scrolling Super Mushroom Video game music Nintendo Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Princess Peach Super Smash Bros. Nintendo Revolution Shy Guy Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever King Toadstool Intelligent Systems Wendy Orlean Williams Trilogy PlayChoice-10 