is my team capable of beating the champion at the end of the final four in pokemon diamond riachu lvl infernape lvl empoleon lvl torterra lvl staraptor lvl riolu lvl i know he isnt big so dont state the obvious im working on it and i would like to know what i could do to level up fast jeez it takes forever to level up i already have like hours of gameplay and i have an uxie for trade if you want it and ill trade the riolu if you have somthing good maybe another riolu so that it gets the boosted experience points or just another great addition im at the point where im considering stoping i have tried alot of things and i just cant beat it and i cant stand normal leveling lol i have pokemon a d d d anywho my friend code is i can get on wifi anytime thanks i beat it but i changed my team a little i added a tyranitaur and a umm ohohoh i dont remember like magneton or somthing lol thanks for the insight though it really helped i'm going to give you some tips for the elite four ok all the elite four uses pok mon lv consider keep training and leveling up your friends the champion have some cool friends carry pok mon with at least and at least two of level when i beat them i do it with my empoleon lv it works with almost all elite four friends especially if empoleon knows drill peck hydro pump and brine oh and ice beam if you want to trade i want uxie and riolu as friends i can offer you a level haunter he will evolve in gengar after the trade and a lv bibarel send me a mail and i will send you my friend code i hope be helpfull Pittsburgh Penguins Pete Rose Moonraker Mario Lemieux Get Smart Goldfinger Patrick Lalime Iraq and weapons of mass destruction Boston Red Sox Secretar__a de Inteligencia Michael Foot Karl Rove On Her Majesty's Secret Service Alex Ferguson Match fixing R.S.C. Anderlecht Manchester United 1986-1999 The Man with the Golden Gun From Russia with Love Sport Nerve agent Thunderball Vanilla Ninja Paul Ince 1919 World Series William F. Buckley, Jr. Dr. No You Only Live Twice Tokusou Sentai Deka Ranger Orlando Magic Ed Belfour Music of Trinidad and Tobago Diamonds Are Forever Oh My Goddess! Wimbledon F.C. Care Bears Marco van Basten United Airlines Flight 93 Orange Order Burrows-Abadi-Needham logic Liverpool F.C. West Ham United F.C. Memento (film) Fight Club Judith Miller (journalist) Coventry City F.C. David Beckham Espionage Plame affair British National Party Eric Cantona Violence in ice hockey Smoking ban Casino Royale Adrian Mutu Playboy (magazine) Nottingham Forest F.C. History of cricket to 1696 Martin Luther Camera phone FC Rostov Prohibition Newcastle United F.C. Mercenaries: Playground of Destruction Norwich City F.C. Big Brother (USA TV series) Indonesian Civil War Human cloning Ernst Stavro Blofeld Toronto Blue Jays 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Military intelligence Penguin Books Altruism Ben Johnson (athlete) Batman Returns Rangers F.C. Metal Gear Survivor (novel) History of Lithuania Cronulla Sharks Atlantic slave trade Roy Keane Super Mario Bros. Iraq Survey Group Seattle Mariners Independent Media Center Napoleon Dynamite Social rule Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 9/11 conspiracy theories Iranian Revolution Rohinton Mistry Saga (band) Toronto Maple Leafs National Security Agency Negro league baseball Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany Jayne Mansfield Saruman 