what do you think would be a better video game madden nfl or ea's skate give a reason why i cant figure out which one to buy ok personally because im a madden fan id go with that it has a ton of new features this year plus the graphics r still better but with skate the whole game was pretty much made by shaun white so it cant be that bad i havent read much about it but i heard its gonna be a really sweet game as for teh desicion its really up to u just whichever suits ur price range or something like that Nintendo Power Mario Kart 64 Super Mario Kart Nintendo GameCube Boss (video games) Nintendo Super Mario Bros. Toad (Nintendo) Bowser Super Mario 64 Mario Kart Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Nintendo DS Mario Birdo Mario Kart Super Circuit Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Wario Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Princess Peach Mario Bros. Waluigi Mario Kart DS Super Smash Bros. Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Mario Bros. (film) Super Mushroom Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario All-Stars Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Koopa Kid Super Mario Bros. 2 Speedrun Game Boy Advance Lakitu Mario series enemies Intelligent Systems Player's Choice Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Computer and video game genres Video game music Super Mario remake series Nintendo Entertainment System Nintendo Comics System Paper Mario Metroid series Samus Aran Super Mario Advance 4 Super Mario Bros. 3 Video game character Super Mario Sunshine Doki Doki Panic Bob-omb Koopa Troopa Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Donkey Kong Yoshi Super Mario Bros. television series Captain N: The Game Master Crash Team Racing Diddy Kong Classic NES Series Super Mario Strikers Mushroom Kingdom Enhanced remake Computer and video games Warp pipe Goomba Chomp (Mario) Shigeru Miyamoto Nintendo 64 Mario Superstar Baseball High score Platform game Super Mario 64 DS Princess Daisy Time attack Koji Kondo Donkey Kong Junior Thwomp Fire Flower Interactive Achievement Awards King Boo Professor E. Gadd Pauline Areas in the Metroid Series Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Mario Party 4 Hammer Brothers Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario Land Kamek Launch game Famicom Disk System The Legend of Zelda series Metroid Fusion Metroid (video game species) 