psp downloading how do u donload stuff onto your psp if you just got your psp and haven't saved anything on the memorycard and if the memory card didn't come with the psp you should format your memory stick first go to the far left on psp screen go to system settings then go to format memory stick you should charge you psp completely and have it charging while formatting too this formatting allows you to download movie clips after that get the psp usb cable hook it up to your computer go to usb connection on your psp then you are hooked up to your computer a screen should pop up go to 'open folder to view files' files you should get a screen come up that has folders like 'psp' 'picture' 'music' 'video' and 'mp root' if you do not have some of these folders you can make them but make sure you use caps lock and name them exactly like i did but without the ' ' then you can copy music to the music folder and pictures to your pictures folder for movie clips i go to http video connect com if you want game demos hook your psp up to the internet wirelessly with wireless internet and then hit triangle a border screen should pop up and go to bookmarks click on psp and then go to games and demos it'll walk you through it from there hope i was of help don't forget to check the sites i listed below Mario Cuomo Mario Party 3 Mario Davidovsky Paper Mario Mario Party Internet forum Mario Party series Super Mario 128 Princess Peach Bowser Toad (Nintendo) Mario Party 4 Mario Party Advance Mario Party 6 Mario Party 7 Super Mario Bros. television series Birdo Super Mushroom Hello world program Computer and video game genres Mario Kart 64 Princess Daisy Waluigi Mario Party 2 Lakitu Toadette Champ Car Internet phenomenon Mario Batali Mario Andretti Universal Century Space Vessels Mario Sergio DirectShow Donkey Kong National Autonomous University of Mexico Thwomp HeavenGames Monosodium glutamate George Pataki Universal Century Characters GameFAQs Super Mario Bros. Analog stick Mario Puzo Nintendo Super Mario All-Stars IRCHighway Mario Super Mario World Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Command pattern Dan Castellaneta European Parliament election, 2004 (Italy) Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door M__ori Universal Century Mobile Units Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario Land Super Mario remake series Mario Bros. Roxette Super Mario Bros. 2 Action d__mocratique du Qu__bec Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels European Social Forum Beastie Boys Amir Khan (boxer) Single certification Mario Kart Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Mario Bros. 3 Gay Nigger Association of America Forum selection clause Quebec Homestar Runner Scottish National Party Velvet Revolution Luigi Paul W. S. Anderson Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario Sunshine Nintendo iQue Something Awful Forums Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Mario Golf The Hindu Mario Lemieux Mario Winans Paul's Boutique BitTorrent Super Mario Bros. (film) Mario Lanza Mario J. Molina Dr. Mario 64 Mario Power Tennis Forum Party of Alberta 