the sims for mac cheat codes i just bought the sims for mac complete edition and how do i use cheat codes and what are cheat codes for it control shift c doesnt work how do you do the move objects code is it move objects on or move objects on does any one know how to make your sims star level go up on the sims superstar or how to make you have more magic coins press alt apple shift c to open the cheat menu simoleons enter rosebud into the cheat menu display interests of sim enter interests into the cheat menu activate water tool enter water tool into the cheat menu br br this lets you place natural water like a pond on your lot set grass growth rate enter grow grass followed by a number between and to set the growth rate of your grass autonomy enter autonomy into the cheat menu followed by a number to set the autonomy level of a sim Mario series enemies Princess Peach Bowser Mario Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario World Super Mario 64 Yoshi's Safari Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario Bros. Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario Bros. 3 Mushroom Kingdom Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Super Mario All-Stars Toad (Nintendo) Goomba Boss (video games) Kamek Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Koopa Kid Luigi Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Mario Kart Princess Daisy Wario Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Mario Party 2 Mario Kart 64 Mario Pinball Land Hammer Brothers Mario Party Super Mario Bros. television series Koopa Troopa Lakitu Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Super Princess Peach Mario Party 7 Nintendo Comics System Professor E. Gadd Super Mario remake series Mario Party 4 The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Super Smash Bros. Mario Kart DS Mario Superstar Baseball Game & Watch Gallery Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Strikers Mario Party Advance Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Wart (Nintendo) E-Reader Super Mario Land Mario Party series Peach Birdo Shigeru Miyamoto Mario Golf Koji Kondo Mario Party 3 Fire Flower Computer and video games Mario Party 6 Super Mario Advance 4 Donkey Kong King Boo Captain Syrup King Toadstool Pauline Platform game Nintendo GameCube Mario Kart Yoshi's Story Nintendo Nintendo DS Cackletta Chomp (Mario) Mario Bros. Kirby Intelligent Systems Super Mushroom Yoshi Touch & Go Mouser Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario 128 Computer and video game genres Crash Bandicoot Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Doki Doki Panic Mario Is Missing! Kirby and the Amazing Mirror Koopa Nintendo 64 