anyone need a shaymin or darkrai in pokemon pearl or diamond i have a shaymin and darkrai that i am willing to trade for resonable offers give me your name and friendcode mine is al britteney generation starters would be good what's your friend code email me with frind codes and trainer names ice on fire hotmail co uk and offers lol oh i misread what you said britney lol i don't know what i want really lol what have you got ok still got both of them and btw they are both lvl ok variant lugia for one mewtwo for the other ok i've decided what i want for them chose from mewtwo lugia or any starter aside from prinplup i would want those pkmn as well i have legendaries starters as well as others i would love to trade progidy HyperText Transfer Protocol GameFAQs World Wide Web Uniform Resource Locator Game show Super Smash Bros. Melee Nintendo Power Super Mario 64 HTTP cookie Super Mario Kart Domain Name System Super Smash Bros. Wget FAQ Web server E-Reader Animal Crossing Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Super Mario 64 DS GameFAQs message boards Representational State Transfer Super Mario Bros. Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins XRI Nintendo 64 The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Phishing Website Goomba Mario Golf Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario 128 Game Boy Mario Bros. Luigi Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Mario Is Missing! Ogre Battle: March of the Black Queen Slashdot subculture Mario Pinball Land Yoshi Touch & Go Super Nintendo Entertainment System CPAN Mario Kart 64 Match Game Search engine Link (Legend of Zelda) Mario series enemies Banjo-Kazooie Fire Emblem Internet phenomenon Press Your Luck Census Wario Web traffic Squid cache Proxy server Super Mario All-Stars Bob-omb Web crawler Super Mario World Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Uniform Resource Identifier Samuel Goldwyn Super Mario Land Super Mario remake series Super Mario Bros. 2 Mario Roswell UFO incident Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Have I Got News For You Computer and video games Apache HTTP Server Warez Tetris Attack Stochastic process 500 (number) Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Legal research Wario's Woods Shigeru Miyamoto Princess Zelda Opportunity rover Paul W. S. Anderson Digest access authentication Nintendo GameCube Base64 Super Mario Bros. Deluxe The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Super Mario Sunshine Nintendo Live 8 Game Boy Advance Paper Mario Mario Kart Super Mario Bros. (film) Ajax (programming) Internet censorship in mainland China 