best mario game and why i think mario can't wait for galaxy i think mario is really good too though its very easy the second time you play it it was the first game i can really remember that had that cartoony adventurey d environment and there was a sense of freedom in where you could go that's why i liked it so much Super Mario Bros. Mario Kart 64 Computer and video games Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario Kart Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Bros. (film) Mario Bros. Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Mario Lemieux Mario vs. Donkey Kong Super Mario 64 Dr. Mario 64 Platform game Gradius Mario Party Advance Mario Kart DS Super Mushroom Koji Kondo Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Mario World Mario Super Mario All-Stars Super Smash Bros. E-Reader Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Super Mario Land Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario 64 DS Mario Kart Paper Mario Speedrun Cartoon Pauline Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Mario Bros. 3 Mario's Picross Super Mario 128 Mario Party Luigi Thwomp Tetris Attack Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario Sunshine Fangame Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Mario Golf Mario Party series Princess Peach Trilogy Game Boy Bowser Game & Watch Gallery Mario Superstar Baseball Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Mario Power Tennis Professor E. Gadd Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario Advance 4 Toad (Nintendo) Yoshi's Story Koopa Troopa Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Video game character Star Trek Customizable Card Game Wario Yoshi High score Mushroom Kingdom Computer role-playing game Computer and video game genres Super Mario Bros. television series Mario Party 4 Koopa Kid Birdo Goomba Samus Aran Video game music Mario series enemies Lord Crump Mario Party 6 Time attack Waluigi Nintendo Revolution Princess Daisy Mario Party 7 50 goals in 50 games PlayChoice-10 The Legend of Zelda Super Mario Strikers Doki Doki Panic The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Lakitu Fire Flower Mario Party 2 Mario Paint Monkey Island 