ps accounts me and my bro play ps but im the only one with an account my bro has a and we both have an account on that so how do i make a nd account for my bro on the ps on the cross bar to the very far left there is an option of creating a new account after you create a new account go to the far right where it says friends and it should have a box where it says sign up to playstation network from there you can create your online account you and your bro should get warhawk soon because you can with quests online so both of you can play online at the same time on the same ps Super Mario Bros. Cartoon Network America Online Neopets Kirby Computer role-playing game Computer and video games Mario series enemies Warner Bros. Television PlayStation 2 Xbox Live Richard Pryor Pok__mon (video games) CompuServe Twisted Metal Nintendo Link (Legend of Zelda) The Legend of Zelda series Yu-Gi-Oh! Time (magazine) Stormfront Studios LiveJournal Final Fantasy VI Buffy the Vampire Slayer Super Mario World Time Warner Warner Bros. Video game music Ragnarok Online Boss (video games) Dark Castle Entertainment Chrono Trigger PlayStation Portable Super Smash Bros. Computer and video game genres MSN Messenger SOCOM II: U.S. Navy SEALs Homestar Runner Bugs Bunny Home Box Office Nintendo Power Samus Aran Nintendo DS WB Television Network MMORPG E-Reader AOL Instant Messenger GameFAQs PlayStation 3 Cartoon Network Studios Mario MapleStory Mario Bros. Nintendo GameCube Super Mario Bros. 2 PlayStation 2 Expansion Bay Super Mario Advance 4 Video game console Nullsoft Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus The Matrix Online Resident Evil Outbreak Wario E-mail Turner Entertainment Ted Turner R.E.M. (band) Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Square Enix Massively multiplayer online game The Sims Sierra Entertainment Dance Dance Revolution ULTRAMIX 2 Steam (content delivery) Animated television series Platform game Sega Xbox Boomerang (TV channel) Warhawk (video game) Neverwinter Nights Mirabilis (company) Sports Illustrated Dragon Quest Nintendo Revolution Border Roads Organisation The Venture Bros. Square Co., Ltd. Ganon Modern animation of the United States Battle.net PONG Kingdom Hearts Gaia Online Porky Pig Ultima 