i want to build a better bond with my year old girl and not sure how she is all ways asking for daddy time every thing she wants to do is way out of the buget well being i think my bond with my dad is pretty good usually he'll take me out to eat or the mall and i could buy a knick knack of some sort but sometimes when he is just too tired from work we bond by watchin law and order svu together it's our fave show but since she is ten why not take her out swimming even play dolls with her or maybe she is tomboyish and likes to play sports buy a soccar ball or something i hope i helped good luck and remember the father daughter bond is special Law & Order: Special Victims Unit Mnemonic The Adventures of Pete & Pete Baseball Bond Great Teacher Onizuka FoxTrot The Fairly OddParents Father Kodocha Episodes of Lost (Season 1) New York Knicks The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Billboard Hot 100 Scouting Bond girl Winx Club Law & Order Cliff Richard About a Boy English grammar Our Gang Ray Winstone Baseball Stars Spice Girls Mr. and Mrs. Turner Family Guy Pixar 2000 Australian Grand Prix Friends Bob Hope The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Love Hina main characters Teen Girl Squad YuYu Hakusho Barbie Married... with Children Ten Commandments The X-Files Tenchi Muyo! American Dad! Teamo Supremo Die Another Day Care Bears Piccolo Junior Saga Futari wa Pretty Cure Kim Possible Plastic Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Saved by the Bell Waking the Dragons The Realm of the Elderlings/Characters Maison Ikkoku Wonderland (McFly album) Homer vs. Dignity Tomboy Recess (TV series) W.I.T.C.H. New Zealand cricket team in Zimbabwe in 2005-06 Father's Day (Doctor Who) Game show Theory of conduct KaBlam! Dance of the Vampires Daria Beavis and Butt-head Papa's Got a Brand New Badge WWOR-TV Football (soccer) Knots Landing Daddy Wouldn't Buy Me a Bow Wow Angelina Jolie Sears Holdings Corporation Mutual fund A Star is Torn Canadian football Xiaolin Showdown Princess Knight Little Britain Sharon Tate Magical thinking Lindsay Lohan Music Hall Grandview, U.S.A. AFI 100 Years series My Life as a Teenage Robot "Weird Al" Yankovic Tire Christopher Meloni Obi-Wan Kenobi Trailer Park Boys The Wheezer Bros. Girly Frankie Vaughan Aisha Fictional crossover San Francisco Giants Primogeniture 