what did everyone think of see no evil what does everyone think about the wwe making a sequel to it which kane will be in again smackdown superstar kane is the subject of a new article talking about his commitment to the libertarian party and endorsement of barry hess libertarian party candidate for governor of california kane calls himself a big time libertarian the write up notes that kane may have signed on for a sequel to wwe films' see no evil check it out at www theadvocates org http wrestlenewz com index php subaction showfull id archive start from ucat i liked see no evil kane was perfect for the part and it was suspenseful scary and had so much action in it i wouldn't mind seeing a sequel see no evil left me wanting more Mark Calaway World Tag-Team Championship John Layfield Glen Jacobs Libertarian Party (United States) WWE Friday Night SmackDown! WrestleMania XX U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Chris Benoit WWE Intercontinental Championship Bill Goldberg WWE RAW Jesse Ventura World Wrestling Entertainment David Bautista WWE SmackDown! (video game) Kurt Angle Jason Reso WWE No Mercy WWE Vengeance WWE Draft Free will Survivor Series Paul Wight Chris Jericho Hell in a Cell WWE No Way Out Taboo Tuesday WWE Armageddon Theodicy Rob Van Dam World Heavyweight Championship Robert L. Ehrlich John Cena Professional wrestling match types Gene Snitsky Matt Hardy Democratic Party (United States) Amy Dumas Paul Levesque Roddy Piper Jon Heidenreich SummerSlam Barry Goldwater Adam Copeland Objectivist philosophy Eddie Guerrero CPAN Leon White Carly Colon La R__sistance Republican Party (United States) MySQL Booker Huffman U.S. presidential election, 1980 Warrior (wrestler) Democracy The Rock (entertainer) Road Warriors Libertarianism MoveOn Randy Orton Sean Morley WWE Backlash The Power of Nightmares Shawn Michaels WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW Trish Stratus Professional wrestling slang HyperText Transfer Protocol Jim Cornette U.S. presidential election, 2008 Open access Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Resident Evil Two-Face Michael Badnarik WWE Championship WrestleMania Nelson Frazier, Jr. WWF SmackDown! 2: Know Your Role Kayfabe Neolibertarianism The Alliance Royal Rumble 2005 Nick Dinsmore Eric Bischoff WWE Homecoming Libertarian Party of Canada Evolution (professional wrestling) Hulk Hogan In Your House Royal Rumble Championship unification PHP WrestleMania 21 Spice Girls Uniform Resource Locator Big Daddy Kane 