edge heads sexy squad an announcement the era has begun because now the edge heads edge fans and the sexy squad morrison fans will unite to form the rated r a listers the planets have aligned and nothing will stop those who worship the rated r superstar or the guru of greatness if you would like to be part of this club just add edge head or ss to the end of your name i did not say post lame jokes on this question nicegirl that car add i have seen because he who worships the shaman of sexy and the rated r superstar know all i already have World Wrestling Entertainment Matt Hardy Newcastle United F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Pittsburgh Pirates Jennifer Lopez Chicago Cubs Toronto Blue Jays New York Yankees Los Angeles Kings Carolina Panthers St. Louis Cardinals Jason Reso Teddy Sheringham Kevin Keegan Minnesota Twins Spice Girls New York Knicks Seattle Mariners Webcomic Indian English International League Shaman King Jim Morrison Red Star Belgrade 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Pittsburgh Steelers Disc jockey Boston Red Sox Oakland Athletics Straight edge Shawn Michaels Alex Ferguson Florida Marlins Madonna (entertainer) The Doors Van Morrison Ishta-deva Britney Spears Football (soccer) Dallas Cowboys Salary cap New York Giants New York Mets Cleveland Indians New York Rangers Squad Leader Ayyavazhi West Bromwich Albion F.C. Mercury Cougar Timpani Paul Wight Everton F.C. Pittsburgh Penguins Cleveland Browns The Bridge (Ace of Base album) Tsunami Channel Adam Copeland Indy Racing League USS Morrison (DD-560) Slashdot trolling phenomena Jacksonville Jaguars Toronto Argonauts Tic-Tac-Dough Cricket New England Patriots New Orleans Saints St. Louis Blues (hockey) Tom Cruise The Contender (television series) University of Alabama ECW One Night Stand Chris Guy Narayana Guru Playoff Glen Jacobs St. Louis Rams Philadelphia Eagles West Ham United F.C. Star Trek, other storylines Duran Duran Eric Bischoff Gaia (mythology) Paul W. S. Anderson Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Good Morning, Vietnam Legion of Super-Heroes World Championship Wrestling Al Franken Stone Cold Steve Austin Toronto Subway and RT Star Wars: Galaxies Club Am__rica Vince McMahon Steve McManaman WWE Friday Night SmackDown! Advanced Squad Leader John Calipari Major League Baseball television contracts Chrono Trigger 