how far does a cat go from home i ask this question simply because my brother reckons he saw my mother's cat about mile away from her house cats are very curious and will go very far from home just wandering around neighborhoods it is possible for him to have seen the cat that far away we had a cat when i was growing up that went across town he had to cross railroad tracks and a busy highway but he was found there it's always possible that someone took him though could be the same for your mother's cat people tend to steal cute animals but the animals don't always want to stay where it's not home and will find their way back there are a lot of possible reasons for the cat to have been spotted that far away but be careful when you let it outside our animals become part of the family and are greatly missed when a stranger takes them and we never get to see them again Ranma __ characters Hamster Azumanga Daioh Pitaten Shaggy dog story Chuck Jones Socialization The Cat in the Hat Kender Gunsmith Cats Animal Liberation Front Garfield RuneScape quests Girly Animal rights Kitten The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an West Side Highway Feral cat Lion Cat Light rail New York City Subway nomenclature Charlotte, North Carolina Richard Chase The Amber Spyglass Puma Pok__mon Chronicles U.S. Highway 1 Bengal cat D.N. Angel Calvin and Hobbes Theory of conduct Zagreus (Doctor Who audio) May (Pok__mon) Minor characters in Sonic the Hedgehog Fancy rat Panthera hybrid The Secret of NIMH Outlaw Star Urban sprawl Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Arlington County, Virginia Guinea pig Dog Spot the Dog Leopard Johannesburg Milton H. Erickson Robert A. Heinlein Prolog Saga (band) Makoto Kino Anchorage, Alaska Felis sapiens Lazarus Long Giant Panda Trigun characters Memphis, Tennessee Tokyo Mew Mew U.S. Highway 91 Minneapolis-St. Paul Sacramento, California Mickey Mouse Melanie Wilkes Friends Characters in Neon Genesis Evangelion The Sims 2 Midlothian, Virginia Land use forecasting Cheetah Care Bears Hybrid Teacher's Pet (Disney) Grand Forks, North Dakota Pet Sematary Otaku Taboo food and drink Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete Kyle Broflovski Warner Bros. Garfield and Friends Random Harvest Sonic Heroes Batman: The Animated Series Dr. Seuss Pet skunk Animal communication Who Framed Roger Rabbit Characters in the Smurfs Tenchi Muyo! Monster Rancher monsters Princess Tutu Philosophy of language L. S. Lowry Josie and the Pussycats (comic) Talking Heads (plays) Tiger Felix the Cat 