poem or quotes about passion for work please direct me to any poems or quotes about passion for life or work for example nobody can be successful unless he loves his work david sarnoff ceo of rca love fall in love and stay in love write only what you love and love what you write the key word is love you have to get up in the morning and write something you love something to live for ray bradbury on the key to success try www poetry com they have many categories and perhaps you'll find what you're looking there have you tried a google search for poetry yet there are several poetry sites available hope this helps cat Poetry Japanese poetry Ray Bradbury William Shakespeare William Butler Yeats Victor Hugo John Berryman Theocritus Thomas Hardy David Holbrook Performance poetry Emily Dickinson RCA Modernist poetry in English Arabic poetry T. S. Eliot Guido Cavalcanti John Dryden Eli Siegel H.D. Beat generation David Sarnoff Ella Wheeler Wilcox Christopher Marlowe William Blake William Carlos Williams Gary Snyder Catullus Walter Savage Landor Leonard Cohen Johann Wolfgang von Goethe E. E. Cummings W. H. Auden Theodor Adorno Love Sappho Richard Aldington C. S. Lewis Thomas M. Disch Sara Teasdale Yehuda Halevi Four Quartets Andrea Dworkin Marina Tsvetaeva Alfred Tennyson, 1st Baron Tennyson Samuel Beckett Charles Bukowski Search engine Adam Mickiewicz English poetry Arabic literature Jack Lindsay Joseph Addison Petrarch George Oppen Robert Creeley Anglo-Saxon literature Dante Alighieri Wallace Stevens Objectivist poets Ralph Waldo Emerson Federico Garc__a Lorca Past teachings of Prem Rawat Shakespeare's sonnets Ern Malley Giacomo Leopardi Kannada literature Japanese literature Metamorphoses (poem) Perl Billy Childish Sonnet The Faerie Queene Kenneth Rexroth Poetry of the United States Rabindranath Tagore Indian writing in English Abraham Cowley Literature of the United States Donald Hall Julian Tuwim Andrew Motion Vladimir Mayakovsky John Donne Epigram On the Road Boris Pasternak Book burning William Wordsworth Sidney Lanier Waka Victorian literature Gabriela Mistral Michael J. Bernard Mary Shelley Haiku George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron John Keats Vladimir Nabokov 