poem help please i have to write a poem explaining jane eyre's feeling in the book jane eyre it has to be lines long is there a specific outline for a line poem and if so can you tell me what it is when i say outline i mean like a b a b c d c asjd lfkjasd blah blah blah thanks ok your instructor is already irratating me by restricting you to lines a villanelle is lines that said though go with free verse don't worry about rhyme or traditional form just write out the themes of the book here's the basic wikipedia brief on it though i have read bronte jane's childhood at gateshead where she is abused by her aunt and cousins her education at lowood school where she acquires friends and role models but also suffers privations her time as governess at thornfield manor where she falls in love with her byronic employer edward rochester her time with the rivers family at marsh's end or moor house and at morton where her cold clergyman cousin st john rivers proposes to her and her reunion with and marriage to her beloved rochester at his house of ferndean you could go a couple of ways here give a few verses to each if you do go formal maybe an abab rhyme scheme with a stanza dealing with the feelings in each major section though free verse would probably be easier given the specific line restrictions good luck to you Jane Eyre Poetry George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron The Eyre Affair Sonnet Meter (poetry) Governess Rhyme scheme Percy Bysshe Shelley Poetry of the United States Charlotte Bront__ Eugene Onegin John Berryman Song English poetry Literature Biblical poetry Alliterative verse Novel John Dryden Four Quartets Japanese poetry Rhyme Ghazal Rudyard Kipling J. R. R. Tolkien Imagism History of modern literature Andrew Lang Rhyme royal Emily Bront__ W. H. Auden Book of Mormon Victorian literature Arabic poetry E. E. Cummings Elizabeth I of England Sir Gawain and the Green Knight Charles, Prince of Wales Days of our Lives Infantilism Restoration literature British literature Marriage Princess Marie-Th__r__se-Charlotte William Butler Yeats Lady Frances Brandon Lewis Carroll Wuthering Heights Medieval French literature Alfred Edward Housman Lyric poetry Mary Jane Watson Ode Marilyn Monroe Homosexuality and Christianity Jane Austen Shakespeare's sonnets Robert Burns William Morris Knots Landing Mary I of England Darwin-Wedgwood family H. G. Wells Jewish services Tao Te Ching Family Incest Quatrain The Dukes of Hazzard Miguel de Cervantes Contract bridge Ottava rima Whose Line Is It Anyway? Characters from Arrested Development Phoebe Halliwell James Joyce Iggy Pop New York Central Railroad Dr. Seuss Fahrenheit 451 The Hunting of the Snark James Henry Leigh Hunt Waka The O.C. Das Lied der Deutschen British monarchy Incarnations of Immortality Polygamy Robert Walpole Marina Tsvetaeva Abraham Cowley C. S. Lewis The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Transactional analysis 