what are some good books that i could get from the library and good movies to help w th grade homeschool does anyone know of some good books that the library would have and some movies that i could get through my blockbuster online subscription that would help assist a homemade homeschool curriculum the books by janice van cleave are great supplements to science most libraries will have the core knowledge series on their shelves what your sixth grader needs to know would be the title you would need also look for making the grade books by grade level other than that literature here are some great titles for a th grader call it courage my side of the mountain the loner the narnia books where the red fern grows alice's adventures in wonderland treasure island the hobbit also do some searches by subject you may actually find some of the more popular homeschooling books for instance my library carries some apologia science texts the story of the world series simply grammar and many others Homeschooling Education in the United States Alice's Adventures in Wonderland The Chronicles of Narnia GED Open access J. R. R. Tolkien Librarian Waldorf Education Library Starfleet ranks and insignia Graduate school Yu-Gi-Oh! Fantasy Education Fighting Fantasy Game Books Classical education Tolkien fandom Book The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Literature The Hobbit Experiential education The Learning Company Enid Blyton Narnia Interactive fiction Bristol Grammar School High school Carey Baptist Grammar School Anglo-Saxon literature Book collecting A-level Academic publishing The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland Education in Sweden H. G. Wells Oxford English Dictionary Master's degree Apologetics Comics The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Test (student assessment) No Child Left Behind Act Alice Liddell Library of Congress Ebook Walt Disney Doctor Who spin-offs Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination Rhetoric Education in Scotland Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Science fiction Secondary education in France Kingdom Hearts National Library for the Blind Library catalog Standardized testing Rankin/Bass National Geographic Bee Computer role-playing game Blockbuster Video Legal research Duke University Computer and video game genres Education in Singapore Western (genre) Encyclopedia Education in Australia The Internet Movie Database C. S. Lewis One Ring JumpStart Hopkins School St. John's College, U. S. Hogwarts Censorship in Australia College Education in Taiwan IB Diploma Programme D'ni Brown University Vietnamese language Hong Kong Advanced Level Examination Ibn Tibbon The Good Soldier __vejk Fundamentalist Christianity Education in Hong Kong Hunter College High School Doctor (Doctor Who) Philosophy of language A Course In Miracles Myst Pinocchio Thomas M. Disch Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Care Bears Herg__ 