whens the next classico beetwen chivas america yea so anyways i think they play in october just on what day whos gonna win im all about el america arriba el america were so gonna beat chivas they play in october i can't wait http www univision com uv stats fmf scoreboard week season yeah it's all about el america arriba el america C.D. Chivas USA Chivas de Guadalajara Club Am__rica Los Angeles Galaxy Francisco Palencia Cincinnati Bengals Oswaldo S__nchez Troy Glaus The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Hugo S__nchez Angels in America Louie, Louie Real Salt Lake Chappelle's Show Angel Stadium of Anaheim HyperText Transfer Protocol 2005 World Series Major League Soccer Troms__ I.L. World Wide Web National Basketball Association La Bamba (song) 1981 baseball strike Deportivo Saprissa Tris Speaker Can't Hardly Wait Hollaback Girl Ryan Suarez True Crime: Streets of LA International League The Subways Chicago Fire (soccer) Shawn Michaels Manchester City F.C. Baseball Stars The Ashlee Simpson Show LD Alajuelense Baseball statistics June 2004 in sports Jon Secada Houston Astros Memorial Stadium, Clemson Walker, Texas Ranger Leicester City F.C. The Electric Company Los Angeles, California WEEI Web server The Chemical Brothers 1986 World Series Ipswich Town F.C. San Diego Chargers 2005 English cricket season Vijay Singh Jennifer Lopez April 2005 in sports Major League Soccer All-Star Game Usher (entertainer) Uniform Resource Locator Unforgiven PGA Tour New England Patriots Lenny Kravitz Univision Danny Phantom Primera Divisi__n de M__xico Chicago XXV: The Christmas Album Fencing at the 2004 Summer Olympics She Loves You Gloria Estefan Homer vs. The Eighteenth Amendment Wrigley Field 2004 World Series Rod Stewart Hulk Hogan Big Brother (USA TV series) Steve Reich Tina Turner Monday Night Football Oh Yeah! Cartoons Donkey Kong 64 D.C. United Patrick Star Pete Rose Cro Bowl Championship Series Some Enchanted Evening (Simpsons episode) Hyde United F.C. San Francisco 49ers Quicksilver Messenger Service Chelsea F.C. San Francisco Giants Empire Burlesque Baseball 1988 World Series American Idol Wayne Gretzky Single certification 1975 World Series 