of what origin is the last name of gov of minnesota tim pawlenty someone seems to have done an ancestor list for gov pawlenty giving his father as eugene joseph pawlenty born if this is the right family in the mn census then the surname origin is polish john polanti born mn parents born poland rose polanti born mn parents born poland edward polanti delores polanti clarence polanti eugene polanti genevieve polanti john polanti south st paul dakota minnesota roll page a enumeration district image Minnesota Family name Ninety-fifth United States Congress Ninety-sixth United States Congress Minnesota Vikings U.S. presidential election, 2008 Sixty-fourth United States Congress 109th United States Congress Sixty-second United States Congress Ninety-seventh United States Congress Sixty-seventh United States Congress Ninety-eighth United States Congress Sixty-third United States Congress Sixty-sixth United States Congress 101st United States Congress Sixty-eighth United States Congress Ninety-ninth United States Congress WCCO Patron saint North Dakota Sixty-ninth United States Congress Republican Party (United States) Sixty-fifth United States Congress Harry Flynn Jesse Ventura 102nd United States Congress Seventy-second United States Congress 100th United States Congress St. Peter, Minnesota Seventy-third United States Congress South Dakota Northstar Corridor Census Polish heraldry 108th United States Congress Sixtieth United States Congress U.S. Senate election, 2008 National Historic Landmark Edward Rydz-__mig__y Polish name Democratic Party (United States) Stage name Hiawatha Line Seventy-ninth United States Congress Eighty-second United States Congress U.S. presidential election, 2004 Eighty-sixth United States Congress Seventy-eighth United States Congress Seventy-sixth United States Congress Seventieth United States Congress Poland Seventy-fifth United States Congress Edward S. Curtis 107th United States Congress Lesser Poland Voivodship John II Casimir of Poland Minnesota Legislature U.S. Senate election, 2006 Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall Newsweek's List of the 1,000 Top U.S. Schools (2005) U.S. Highway 52 Leader of the Government in the Senate (Canada) Sixty-first United States Congress U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Dakota, Minnesota and Eastern Railroad Tallest structures in the United States Family Georgetown University Law Center Francis Cardinal George 103rd United States Congress 105th United States Congress 104th United States Congress 106th United States Congress Gallery of flags by design Lakota Darwin-Wedgwood family Grand Forks, North Dakota Minnesota North Stars Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party Hubert H. Humphrey Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis U.S. House election, 2006 Eugene McCarthy Eugene Wigner Szlachta Teutonic Knights Personal name Midwestern United States Minneapolis, Minnesota Smallville Characters Season Four Government involvement in the Terri Schiavo case United States presidential electors, 2004 College of Cardinals New Democrats Manitoba 1973 NHL Amateur Draft John III Sobieski, King of Poland Tatars 