where is barbara karen schroeder i am looking for birth mother barbara karen schroeder she was at the time of my birth in cleveland ohio luthern hospital she was born in new york i was adopted thru an attorney i was born tamara schroeder you could try www zabasearch com Knots Landing NFL playoffs, 1986-87 Cleveland, Ohio Patricia Schroeder Barbara Bush Great White Fleet Ninety-fifth United States Congress Vic Schroeder EastEnders Ninety-sixth United States Congress President of the United States Subtle body USS Schroeder (DD-501) Karen Ann Quinlan Ohio New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad NFL playoffs, 1990-91 Ohio State University Another World (TV series) Will & Grace Kodocha Daredevil 104th United States Congress Ohio Delegation to the 2004 Democratic National Convention Phi Kappa Psi Newsweek's List of the 1,000 Top U.S. Schools (2005) Gerhard Schr__der 103rd United States Congress History of As the World Turns (2000-present) The Amazing Race 8 WEWS-TV Hillary Rodham Clinton One Life to Live Kent State University Barbara Boxer Bruce Johnson Port Charles Karen Black Eddie August Schneider Bush Supreme Court candidates Once and Again Childbirth Harold Hitz Burton United States Attorney Dawson's Creek Hill Street Blues Silent Generation 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 Roe v. Wade Saks Fifth Avenue One Tree Hill (TV series) Democratic Party (United States) Old Earth creationism Claudius Barbra Streisand New Haven, Connecticut Premature birth Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway Ontario general election, 1990 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Barbara Palmer, 1st Duchess of Cleveland The New York Times Bob Marley 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Akron, Ohio Candy Darling Pink Floyd William S. Burroughs Jr. Noble House Sigismund II of Poland 2004 Republican National Convention Static Shock Cuyahoga County, Ohio York University Hospital 2001 anthrax attacks Sunny von B__low The Plain Dealer (newspaper) Princess Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood Guinevere Jones Bill Cosby Barbara La Marr Barbara Mikulski CIA leak grand jury investigation Carpenters Zsa Zsa Gabor Aurora Award Interstate 90 Peter Lawson Jones Barbara Hutton Alpha Epsilon Pi Charles Vanik George Voinovich Schroeder (Peanuts) Nordstrom Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities U.S. presidential election, 2008 Anne Boleyn Frederick T. Frelinghuysen 