Isolation of measles virus in primary rhesus monkey cells from a child with acute interstitial pneumonia who cytologically had giant-cell pneumonia without a rash.
 The isolation of measles virus in primary Rhesus monkey kidney cells (PRMK) in patients with documented giant-cell pneumonia who have presented without a rash is limited.
 The diagnosis usually is made by cytologic examination of nasal or bronchial secretions in which characteristic multinucleated giant cells with intranuclear and intracytoplasmic inclusion bodies are observed.
 The diagnosis of giant-cell pneumonia has been associated with measles virus but not exclusively.
 Canine distemper, herpes group viruses, and parainfluenza infections have been associated with these cells.
 In addition, vitamin A deficiency also has been cytologically associated with multinucleated giant cells.
 The authors describe the isolation of measles virus from bronchial washing and sputum in PRMK cells at 4 days from an 11-year-old child with acute interstitial pneumonia who was in remission for acute lymphocytic leukemia.
 Classic cytopathologic effect (CPE) consisting of syncytial and hole formation on the PRMK monolayer was apparent.
 In addition, a foamy appearance of the monolayer was noted in an otherwise clean lot of monkey cells.
 Confirmatory testing with measles antibody of the infected areas of the monolayer by indirect immunofluorescence (IFA) was positive for measles antigen and negative for mumps, parainfluenza (types I, II, and III) and influenza A and B virus.
 Serologic studies for measles antibody revealed an IFA IgG titer of greater than 1:10,240, and an IgM titer of 1:128.
 Cytologic examination of the same bronchial fluid revealed the typical giant cells with characteristic inclusions associated with measles virus.
 Because this disease usually is severe, and often fatal, prompt recognition of this virus is essential, not only to the patient, who can be treated with immunoglobulin and/or antiviral therapy, but also to prevent the spread of the virus to other patients and medical personnel.
 These findings also support direct evidence for the etiologic role of measles virus in giant-cell pneumonia that has been detected either histologically or cytologically and in tissue culture at autopsy.
