Phrenic nerve injury. A prospective study.
 In cardiac surgery, topical iced saline solution slush has become an important adjunct in maintaining myocardial hypothermia during cardioplegic arrest.
 One complication of this technique is phrenic nerve injury (PNI).
 In an attempt to reduce the incidence of PNI, a prospective study was undertaken to evaluate the impact of phrenic nerve insulation on PNI during cardiac surgery.
 Seventy-six consecutive patients who underwent coronary revascularization constituted the control group (CG) and were compared with 76 patients who underwent a similar procedure with the addition of phrenic nerve insulation.
 In the intervention group (IG), a foam insulation pad was placed between the heart and the pericardium in an effort to reduce exposure of the phrenic nerve to iced saline solution slush.
 There was no difference in major demographic descriptors or operative variables between the CG and the IG, except that the internal mammary artery was used more frequently in the IG (64 percent vs 36 percent, p = 0.0006).
 The in-hospital mortality was similar between the groups (CG, 0.0 percent; IG, 1.3 percent; p = 1.0); however, the incidence of roentgenographically diagnosed PNI was much greater in the CG (14/76 patients [18 percent] vs 0/76 patients [0 percent]; p = 0.0006).
 Patients with and without PNI were similar with regard to age, gender, aortic cross clamp time, cardiopulmonary bypass time, and number of grafts (p greater than 0.05).
 All unilateral PNI occurred on the left.
 Three patients with bilateral PNI required tracheostomy and prolonged mechanical ventilation.
 In-hospital mortality was similar for patients with and without PNI (0 percent vs 0.7 percent), but mean postoperative hospital stay for patients with clinically diagnosed PNI was longer than for those without PNI (32 vs 11 days, p = 0.04).
 This prospective study demonstrates that the incidence of PNI can be significantly reduced by the routine use of phrenic nerve insulation.
