if hilary clinton was elected president of the united states america would be hell agree or disagree i agree im suprized no one answered President of the United States Hillary Rodham Clinton Vice President of the United States Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Democratic Party (United States) United States Senate Read my lips: no new taxes Bill Clinton U.S. presidential election, 1996 Politics of the United States Lewinsky scandal Congress of the United States George H. W. Bush History of the United States Constitution Al Gore Third party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2008 National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution Oslo Accords Marbury v. Madison Clinton County, Ohio Jesse Jackson U.S. presidential election U.S. Electoral College Republican Party (United States) United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change Clinton Presba Anderson George W. Bush United States Chief Justice of the United States Rufus King James Carville Plame affair Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe Iraq disarmament crisis North Korea and weapons of mass destruction Presidential system Article One of the United States Constitution Elections in Cyprus Head of state Libertarian Party (United States) Pat Buchanan Jimmy Carter Ross Perot United States v. Microsoft War of the Pacific U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Taba summit U.S. Senate election, 2006 Warren G. Harding United States House of Representatives Ruth Bader Ginsburg Jean-Bertrand Aristide Andrew Johnson Contract with America Hilary Benn Bundesrat of Germany First Lady of the United States Alan Keyes Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Balanced Budget Amendment U.S. presidential election, 2000 2005 United States Grand Prix 2004 Republican National Convention Evan Montvel Cohen U.S. presidential election, 1992 The Presidents of the United States of America (band) Barry Goldwater Javier Solana Chancellor of Germany Weimar Republic Hell's Kitchen Michael Collins (Irish leader) Martin Van Buren U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Les Aspin Trivia Trap Irish Republic Evan Bayh Olympia Snowe G8 Red state vs. blue state divide William Perry Clinton County, New York George Clinton (vice president) Ann Coulter Acting President of the United States Infant baptism Donald Rumsfeld History of Israel 2004 Haiti rebellion The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary to Quintessential Phases Camp David 2000 Summit Centre Party (Germany) U.S. presidential election debates President John Quincy Adams Kyoto Protocol 