are black people just not very smart or what they've left the party that set them free republican via president lincoln and embraced the party that has enslaved them all over again the democratic party has assigned them to a life of eternal handouts from the government leaving them with no desire to better their lives would something you read here change your mind p s that is a cheap shot by the way you really make it attractive to become republican not Republican Party (United States) Irish Republicanism Democratic Party (United States) Abraham Lincoln Republican People's Party (Turkey) Salmon P. Chase Whig Party (United States) Southern Democrats Strom Thurmond Lincoln Chafee 2004 Democratic National Convention American liberalism U.S. presidential election, 2004 Left-wing politics Republican National Convention Republicanism American Conservatism Democratic-Republican Party (United States) Irish Free State Zell Miller U.S. Electoral College Liberalism worldwide Hillary Rodham Clinton Origins of the American Civil War U.S. Senate election, 2006 Second Amendment to the United States Constitution Australian republicanism Liberal Democrats (UK) Fine Gael Log Cabin Republicans U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 President African American Politics of the United States Ted Kennedy U.S. Senate election, 2004 Third party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1860 2004 Republican National Convention President of the United States David Davis (senator) Bernie Sanders Slavery Nuclear option (filibuster) Sinn F__in Politics of Austria Easter Rising Dominant-party system Black Panther Party Fianna F__il European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party New Democratic Party Clinton Presba Anderson Government of Ohio U.S. presidential election, 1864 James Madison Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Black Friday (Maldives) Robert C. Schenck U.S. presidential election, 1912 Iowa caucus United States House of Representatives Gerrymandering Franklin Pierce Hannibal Hamlin David Duke John Tower Republican Left of Catalonia William Howard Taft Kuomintang Radical Republican James A. Garfield Patronage Dred Scott v. Sandford William Jennings Bryan Republic History of Brazil Politics of Sri Lanka Socialist Party (France) Southern United States U.S. presidential election, 1972 Nebraska John F. Kennedy Civilian control of the military Italian general election, 2006 Left-Right politics Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Red state vs. blue state divide W.T. Cosgrave Politics of Texas Labour Party (Ireland) Politics of Puerto Rico George Wallace Unionists (Ireland) Rastafari movement History of the United States (1789-1849) Politics of Switzerland Predestination 