Hypertrophy and increased gene expression of neurons containing neurokinin-B and substance-P messenger ribonucleic acids in the hypothalami of postmenopausal women.
 We have previously described hypertrophy of neurons containing estrogen receptor mRNA in the infundibular nucleus of postmenopausal women.
 In the present investigation we identified peptide mRNAs in the hypertrophied neurons and determined whether postmenopausal neuronal hypertrophy was accompanied by changes in gene expression.
 In the first study in situ hybridization was performed on sections from hypothalami of postmenopausal women (n = 3) using synthetic 35S-labeled cDNA probes complementary to mRNAs encoding estrogen receptor, substance-P (SP), neurokinin-B (NKB), POMC, cholecystokinin, dynorphin, CRF, enkephalin, galanin, neuropeptide-Y, GH-releasing hormone, and tyrosine hydroxylase.
 Neuronal cross-sectional areas and cell densities were measured with the aid of a computer microscope system.
 Neurons labeled with the NKB and SP probes were comparable in size, morphology, and distribution to the hypertrophied neurons containing estrogen receptor mRNA.
 In contrast, neurons labeled with other cDNA probes were sparsely distributed (CRF and dynorphin), smaller in size (neuropeptide-Y, galanin, GH-releasing hormone, enkephalin, cholecystokinin, and POMC), or located anterior to the hypertrophied population (tyrosine hydroxylase).
 In the second study sections from hypothalami of premenopausal (n = 3) and postmenopausal (n = 3) women were incubated with cDNA probes complementary to SP or NKB mRNAs.
 The mean cross-sectional areas of postmenopausal infundibular neurons containing NKB and SP mRNAs increased to 194% and 176% of premenopausal values, respectively.
 The autoradiographic grain densities of infundibular neurons labeled with either probe were also significantly increased in the postmenopausal group.
 Finally, the numbers of labeled neurons/tissue increased 6-fold (SP) and 15-fold (NKB) in the postmenopausal infundibular nucleus.
 These data demonstrate that human menopause is associated with marked increases in hypothalamic NKB and SP gene expression.
 We propose that neurons containing estrogen receptor, SP, and NKB mRNAs participate in the hypothalamic circuitry regulating estrogen negative feedback in the human.
