Resection and reconstruction of the carotid bifurcation with polytetrafluoroethylene grafts; operative technique. Preliminary results in 25 procedures and indications.
 Although carotid endarterectomy is the standard procedure, the purpose of this paper is to describe a new surgical technique and indicate its role in the surgery of cervical cerebrovascular disease.
 The technique consists of resection of the pathologic carotid artery bifurcation followed by its total replacement with a bifurcated thin-wall polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) graft constructed by the surgeon.
 Prosthetic graft reconstruction of the carotid bifurcation (PGRCB) was performed in 21 patients (25 procedures) from November 1984 to May 1987.
 Many patients were over 70 years old.
 The indications for surgery were transient ischemic attacks (TIA)'s in 10 patients (high-grade stenosis), established stroke with mild deficit in 3 patients (high-grade stenosis).
 Eight patients (high-grade stenosis) were asymptomatic and 4 had vertebro-basilar symptoms.
 In 11 procedures the indications were the same as for standard carotid endarterectomy (significant stenosis and/or ulcerated plaque).
 In 14 cases, the procedure was justified by extensive lesions involving a long segment of the internal carotid artery (2 restenoses, 12 calcified lesions).
 In the perioperative period, there were no deaths and no TIA's.
 The 25 procedures were assessed one month postoperatively by ultrasonic imaging and venous substraction angiography.
 All the grafts were patent with perfect restoration of the carotid bifurcation anatomy.
 Systematic follow-up study was carried out in 1987.
 Three patients had died of non-neurologic causes and one was lost to study.
 The remaining 19 procedures were evaluated with an average follow-up of 19 months (range 7 to 32 months).
 The patients were asymptomatic and all the grafts remained patent including one stenosis (greater than 50%) at the common carotid artery anastomosis.
 Because recent studies have documented a much higher rate of technical defects or recurrent stenosis after carotid endarterectomy, we believe that PGRCB merits consideration, particularly in difficult endarterectomies, and in recurrent carotid stenosis.
 Furthermore it seems acceptable to advocate PGRCB in aneurysms of the internal carotid artery and in post-irradiation arteritis.
