Human recombinant DNA-derived antihemophilic factor (factor VIII) in the treatment of hemophilia A. recombinant Factor VIII Study Group 
 BACKGROUND.
 Current treatment of hemophilia A, a hereditary disorder affecting approximately 1 in 10,000 males, relies on plasma-derived factor VIII concentrates.
 We tested the safety and efficacy of a recombinant factor VIII preparation for the treatment of this disorder.
 METHODS.
 We conducted the investigation in three stages: comparing the pharmacokinetics of plasma-derived and recombinant factor VIII, assessing the efficacy of recombinant factor VIII for home therapy, and assessing its efficacy for major surgical procedures and hemorrhage.
 A total of 107 subjects with hemophilia, 20 of whom had not been treated previously, enrolled in the investigation.
 RESULTS.
 The in vivo recovery and elimination half-lives of recombinant factor VIII equaled or exceeded those of plasma-derived factor VIII.
 Seventy-six subjects participated in a home-treatment program, using recombinant factor VIII for 69 to 807 days (median, 618); home diaries of 56 subjects treated for 5 months were analyzed.
 Of 540 bleeding episodes, 399 (73.9 percent) required only one treatment with recombinant factor VIII.
 The projected annual consumption of recombinant factor VIII was similar to that of plasma-derived factor VIII concentrate.
 Twenty-six subjects received recombinant factor VIII for 22 surgical procedures and 10 serious hemorrhages; hemostasis was excellent in all cases.
 De novo formation of inhibitors occurred in only 1 of 85 previously treated subjects.
 Inhibitor antibodies also developed in 6 of 21 children, 20 of whom had not previously been treated; 5 had low levels (less than or equal to 7.5 Bethesda units) despite continued treatment with recombinant factor VIII.
 There was no evidence of new formation of antibody to foreign proteins, and recombinant factor VIII was well tolerated.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 Recombinant factor VIII has biologic activity comparable to that of plasma factor VIII and is safe and efficacious for the treatment of hemophilia A.
