Sternotomy infection: poor prediction by acute phase response and delayed hypersensitivity.
 Two hundred twenty-one consecutive adult cardiac surgical patients were examined prospectively for nutritional protein state, acute phase protein response, and delayed hypersensitivity reaction in an attempt to identify patients at high risk for the development of sternal wound infection, which occurred in 6 patients (2.7%).
 There was no significant correlation between preoperative nutritional protein concentrations (retinol-binding protein, prealbumin, and transferrin) and acute phase protein levels (C-reactive protein, alpha 1-acid glycoprotein, and complements B and C3), nor a statistically significant relationship between nutritional state or acute phase protein response and the development of sternal infection.
 Preoperative complement C3 levels were elevated, however, in 80.0% of those in whom sternal infections developed compared with 30.6% of those with well-healed wounds.
 Similarly, postoperative concentrations of alpha 1-acid glycoprotein were elevated in 80.0% of those in whom sternal infections developed compared with 28.6% of those with well-healed wounds.
 There was no correlation between delayed hypersensitivity and the risk of sternal infection, nor between preoperative nutritional protein and acute phase protein values.
 Seventy-three percent of patients were anergic on postoperative day 2.
 Stepwise logistic regression showed that age, body weight, preoperative intensive care unit stay, repeat median sternotomy, internal mammary artery grafting, postoperative hemorrhage, and postoperative cardiac arrest correlated with the development of sternal infection, whereas transfusion requirement, reexploration for bleeding, and the operation performed did not.
 We conclude that routine delayed hypersensitivity testing is of no value in predicting high-risk cardiac surgical patients when the anergy battery is placed on the preoperative day.
 Although statistically insignificant, possibly due to the small number of patients in whom sternal infection developed in this study (type II error), a larger study might find preoperative complement C3 and post-operative alpha 1-acid glycoprotein levels to be predictive of patients at risk for the development of sternal wound infection.
 The final logistic model for the predicted risk 2%) of sternal wound infection is: PREDSWC = exp(EQ)/1 + exp(EQ) where EQ = (0.38 x age) + (0.24 x weight) + (5.42 x preop ICU) + (4.39 x redo) + (7.14 x IMA) + (4.49 x hemorrhage) + (8.81 x arrest) - 62.72, and where preop ICU, redo, hemorrhage, and arrest are defined as yes (1) or no (0), IMA-is defined as 0, 1, or 2, age is in years, and weight is in kilograms.
