Pulmonary dysfunction in advanced liver disease: frequent occurrence of an abnormal diffusing capacity.
 PURPOSE: Abnormalities in pulmonary function have been reported in association with chronic liver disease of varied etiology.
 The aim of this study was to better define the frequency and nature of these abnormalities in patients who were being evaluated for liver transplantation.
 PATIENTS AND METHODS: We performed a battery of pulmonary function tests and chest radiographs in 116 consecutive patients (50 men, 66 women; aged 19 to 70 years, mean 44.6 years) with severe advanced liver disease who were hospitalized specifically for evaluation for possible orthotopic liver transplantation and were able to perform technically satisfactory tests.
 In 17 patients, quantitative whole-body technetium-99m macroaggregated albumin perfusion scanning was also performed for assessment of possible right-to-left shunting through intrapulmonary vascular dilatations.
 RESULTS: The most commonly affected test of lung function was the single-breath diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide (DLCO), which was abnormal in 48%, 45%, and 71% of patients who never smoked, former smokers, and current smokers, respectively.
 Ventilatory restriction was noted in 25% of all patients, airflow obstruction (reduced ratio of forced expiratory volume in 1 second to forced vital expiratory volume in 1 second to forced vital capacity) in only 3%, and a widened alveolar-arterial oxygen gradient in 45%.
 Diffusion impairment was accompanied by a restrictive defect in only 35% of the patients and by an abnormally widened alveolar-arterial oxygen gradient in 60%.
 When diffusion impairment was accompanied by an oxygenation defect, it was also associated with a significantly increased right-to-left shunt fraction (mean 24.9%) assessed from quantitative whole-body perfusion imaging.
 On the other hand, isolated diffusion impairment unaccompanied by significant hypoxemia (noted in approximately a third of the patients with a reduced DLCO) was not associated with evidence of significant intrapulmonary shunting (mean right-to-left shunt fraction 6.7%).
 CONCLUSIONS: Most patients with advanced liver disease have one or more types of abnormality in lung function, a reduced DLCO being the single most common functional defect.
 Mechanisms accounting for the abnormality in gas transfer may include intrapulmonary vascular dilatations, diffuse interstitial lung disease, pulmonary vaso-occlusive disease, and/or ventilation-perfusion imbalance.
