which is the best engineering college in pune i have received marks in cet damn sure its mit Pune University of Pune Matunga Mokshagundam Visvesvarayya MIT Media Lab Cetus Nanded-Waghala Massachusetts Institute of Technology Maharashtra Kolhapur Daniel Dennett Robert Fano Hubli-Dharwad Dharwad University of Michigan College of Engineering Sangli Purdue University Mahindra United World College of India Michael J. Massimino Institute of technology Georgia Institute of Technology Oregon State University Systems engineering Ohio State University Jadavpur University 1976 European Football Championship 1968 European Football Championship Badminton Nagpur 1972 European Football Championship N.R. Narayana Murthy University of Pennsylvania University of Rochester Damn the Torpedoes (album) Fergusson College MIT OpenCourseWare Palindrome Torpedo Daniel M. Tani Jargon File Robert Thirsk Shanghai Jiao Tong University Conall Cernach X Window System Claude Elwood Shannon Hanscom Air Force Base Hal Abelson Kenneth D. Cameron David A. Huffman Hannibal, Missouri The Game (college football) University of Southampton Robert B. Woodward Modern Iranian scientists and engineers History of computing hardware Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope Mapua Institute of Technology Washington University in St. Louis The Damned Hampshire College West Virginia University Iron Cross Tom Petty University of Waterloo U.S. Electoral College Robert S. Langer Duke University Nashik Bronx Community College Actor model Oklahoma State University - Stillwater Damnation William B. Lenoir American Parliamentary Debating Association The Queen of the Damned Gwen Verdon Grammy Awards of 1992 Kerberos (protocol) Gerald Jay Sussman MIT License Montenegro Columbia University Eero Saarinen Raipur University of York Vannevar Bush Columbia Pictures Television California State University, East Bay Damn Yankees The Hidden Curriculum Swatch Internet Time George Meade Satara Heretic (video game) Ernest Fox Nichols Pennsylvania State University Vile Parle Search engine University of Texas at Dallas Russell Group 