Selective evaluation and management of coronary artery disease in patients undergoing repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms. A 16-year experience.
 Reduction of cardiac mortality associated with abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) repair remains an important goal.
 Five hundred consecutive urgent or elective operations for infrarenal nonruptured AAA were reviewed.
 Patients were divided into three groups based on preoperative cardiac status: group I (n = 260, 52%), no clinical or electrocardiographic (ECG) evidence of coronary artery disease (CAD); group II (n = 212, 42.2%), clinical or ECG evidence of CAD considered stable after further evaluation with studies such as dipyridamole-thallium scanning, echocardiography, or coronary arteriography; group III (n = 28, 5.6%), clinical or ECG evidence of CAD considered unstable after further evaluation.
 Group I had no further cardiac evaluation and groups I and II underwent AAA repair without invasive treatment of CAD.
 Group III underwent repair of cardiac disease before (n = 21) or coincident with (n = 7) AAA repair.
 In all instances, perioperative fluid volume management was based on left ventricular performance curves constructed before operation.
 The 30-day operative mortality rate for AAA repair in all 500 patients was 1.6% (n = 8).
 There was one (0.4%) cardiac-related operative death in group I, which was significantly less than the five (2.4%) in group II (p less than 0.02).
 Total mortality for the two groups were also significantly different, with one group I death (0.4%) and seven group II deaths (3.3%), (p less than 0.02).
 These data support the conclusions that (1) the leading cause of perioperative mortality in AAA repair is myocardial infarction, (2) correction of severe or unstable CAD before or coincident with AAA repair is effective in preventing operative mortality, (3) patients with known CAD should be investigated more thoroughly to identify those likely to develop perioperative myocardial ischemia so that their CAD can be corrected before AAA repair, and (4) patients with no clinical or ECG evidence of CAD rarely die of perioperative myocardial infarction, and thus selective evaluation of CAD based on clinical grounds in AAA patients is justified.
