Right ventricular dysfunction in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Evaluation and management.
 Cor pulmonale is an important consequence of COPD.
 Although the incidence is not precisely known, it is seen more frequently in patients with hypoxemia, CO2 retention and severely reduced FEV1.
 When present, it limits peripheral oxygen delivery, increases shortness of breath, and reduces exercise endurance.
 It is also associated with higher mortality rates independent of other prognostic variables.
 Numerous factors may contribute to the development of cor pulmonale in patients with COPD, but its primary cause is chronic alveolar hypoxia resulting in pulmonary vasoconstriction, vascular remodeling and pulmonary hypertension.
 The physical exam, chest radiograph and ECG may be helpful in detecting the presence of cor pulmonale, but because of anatomic changes that occur in the chest, these tests are often insensitive in patients with COPD.
 Noninvasive diagnostic techniques utilizing Doppler echocardiography and radionuclide angiography allow for detection of RV dysfunction at an earlier stage and in most cases, preclude the need for right heart catheterization.
 LTO2 is the only therapy shown to improve survival in patients with COPD.
 However, statistical proof correlating improvements in pulmonary hemodynamics with increased survival is lacking.
 Bronchodilators, such as the beta 2 agonists and especially theophylline, may have beneficial effects on pulmonary hemodynamics in addition to their effect on respiratory function and are useful in COPD when RV dysfunction is present.
 Diuretics and phlebotomy are also useful in improving symptoms in appropriate patients.
 Vasodilators such as calcium channel blockers and ACE-inhibitors may improve pulmonary hemodynamics acutely, but may lower arterial PO2 by worsening ventilation-perfusion matching or blunt the improvement in pulmonary hemodynamics seen with supplemental oxygen.
 The long-term benefits of these agents have not been proven and their routine use in patients with cor pulmonale due to COPD cannot be recommended.
