Inhibition of dipyridamole-induced ischemia by antianginal therapy in humans. Correlation with exercise electrocardiography.
 BACKGROUND.
 Dipyridamole echocardiography test (DET: two-dimensional echocardiographic monitoring with dipyridamole infusion up to 0.84 mg/kg in 10 minutes) is a useful tool for the noninvasive diagnosis of coronary artery disease.
 Aims of the present study were to assess the effects of antianginal drugs on dipyridamole-induced ischemia and to evaluate whether drug-induced changes in DET response may predict variations in exercise tolerance.
 METHODS AND RESULTS.
 Fifty-seven patients with angiographically assessed significant coronary artery disease (greater than 70% lumen reduction in at least one major coronary vessel) performed a DET and an exercise electrocardiography test (EET) in random order both off treatment and on antianginal drugs (beta-blockers, calcium antagonists and nitrates, alone or in various combinations).
 The criterion for DET positivity was a transient dyssynergy of contraction absent or of a lesser degree in the baseline examination.
 In DET, two parameters were evaluated: the dipyridamole time (i.e., the time from onset of dipyridamole infusion to obvious dyssynergy) and the wall motion score index.
 DET sensitivity was 91% off therapy and fell to 65% under therapy (p less than 0.01).
 In the 37 patients who had a positive DET both off and on therapy, the dipyridamole time increased from 6 +/- 3 (off therapy) to 8 +/- 3 minutes (on therapy) (p less than 0.01).
 The wall motion score index at peak dipyridamole went from 1.38 +/- 0.14 to 1.31 +/- 0.14 (p less than 0.01).
 EET and DET yielded concordant (positive versus negative) results in 41 of 57 (71%) patients off and in 35 of 57 (61%) on therapy (p = NS).
 In the subgroup of 38 patients with both positive DET and EET without treatment, the therapy-induced variations in exercise time were significantly correlated with the variations in dipyridamole time (r = 0.5; p less than 0.01), not with variations in wall motion score index (r = 0.3; p = NS).
 CONCLUSIONS.
 1) Antianginal therapy can protect from dipyridamole-induced ischemia and 2) the therapy-induced changes in DET response parallel variations in exercise tolerance and might be useful for the objective, exercise-independent assessment of the therapy efficacy.
