Value of transesophageal echocardiography as an adjunct to transthoracic echocardiography in evaluation of native and prosthetic valve endocarditis.
 To determine if transesophageal echocardiography provides better visualization of valvular vegetations than transthoracic echocardiography, we used both methods to evaluate 24 consecutive patients (mean age, 54 years; 15 female patients and nine male patients) referred for symptoms suggestive of infectious endocarditis.
 Ten of the 24 patients had one or more valvular prostheses.
 Echocardiograms were classified as positive or negative based on visualization of valvular vegetations or abscesses.
 Of ten patients with a final diagnosis of infectious endocarditis on extended follow-up, transthoracic echocardiography was positive in five patients.
 Transesophageal echocardiography not only yielded abnormal findings in all ten of these patients, but also revealed additional information in four of the five patients with abnormal transthoracic echocardiographic examinations.
 Among the 14 patients who, on subsequent follow-up, were found not to have infectious endocarditis, transthoracic echocardiography was normal in 13 and falsely abnormal in one.
 Transesophageal echocardiography revealed no evidence of infectious endocarditis in any of these patients.
 The ten patients who were determined to have infectious endocarditis all had positive blood cultures and no alternative cause for their clinical presentation; in seven patients in this group who underwent operative or postmortem evaluation, infectious endocarditis was confirmed.
 All patients without infectious endocarditis were demonstrated to have other causes for their clinical presentation.
 We conclude that transesophageal echocardiography is a highly valuable test in the work-up of patients with suspected infectious endocarditis, especially those patients with inconclusive or normal transthoracic echocardiograms.
 In addition, transesophageal echocardiography may be of benefit to patients with previously documented infectious endocarditis and a complicated clinical course in whom additional cardiac lesions are suspected but not demonstrated by transthoracic echocardiography.
