Efficacy and toxicity of thromboxane synthetase inhibitor for cerebral vasospasm after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
 The efficacy and possible side effects of thromboxane A2 (TXA2) synthetase inhibitor in the treatment of cerebral vasospasm after subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) were assessed for 24 patients who presented with grades I to IV of the Hunt and Hess classification.
 All patients underwent aneurysmal clipping within 48 hours after SAH.
 Postoperatively, TXA2 synthetase inhibitor, Cataclot [sodium (E)-3-[p-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)phenyl]-2-propenoate] was administered to 13 patients by continuous drip infusion at a dose of 1 microgram/kg/min for 8 to 14 days (group A).
 The remaining 11 patients did not receive this drug (group B).
 Of the 13 patients in group A, seven patients (54%) showed no symptomatic vasospasm after SAH.
 Four patients (31%) developed a transient deterioration of consciousness and/or motor disturbance.
 Three of these patients fully recovered, while one of them showed a mild neurological deficit on discharge.
 One patient (8%) developed permanent dysphasia and hemiparesis as a result of ischemic brain damage due to vasospasm.
 One patient (8%) died of the side effect.
 On the other hand, of the 11 patients in group B, only three (27%) showed no symptomatic vasospasm.
 One (9%) patient presented a transient neurological deficit but fully recovered upon discharge.
 Four patients (36%) showed permanent neurological deficits, although they all could lead an independent life after discharge.
 The three remaining patients developed a severe disturbance of consciousness caused by ischemia due to vasospasm, and two of them died within 1 month after the onset of SAH.
 In the group treated with Cataclot, two patients developed an epidural hematoma late during the administration of the drug.
 Of these two, one patient died of increased intracranial pressure that was accelerated by the complication.
 These results indicate that TXA2 synthetase inhibitor is effective in not only decreasing the occurrence of symptomatic vasospasm but also reducing the neurological deterioration due to vasospasm after SAH.
 However, this drug has a hazardous side effect in that it may promote a tendency to bleed, which caused death in one of our patients.
