Fibrin fragment D-dimer and fibrinogen B beta peptides in plasma as markers of clot lysis during thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction.
 The validity of markers in plasma of in vitro thrombolysis was investigated in 12 patients with extensive fibrinogen breakdown (greater than 80%, group 1) and in 12 patients with minimal breakdown (less than 20%, group 2).
 The patients were treated with 100 mg of recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator (rt-PA) in the "Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction II" (TIMI II) trial.
 Cross-linked fibrin degradation product levels were measured with two variant enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs), both using a fibrin fragment D-dimer specific capture antibody.
 In one instance, a tag antibody was used that cross-reacts with fibrinogen (pan-specific tag ELISA); in the other, the tag antibody was specific for fibrin fragment D (fibrin-specific tag ELISA).
 Apparent concentrations of cross-linked fibrin degradation products at baseline were within normal limits with both assays in most patients.
 At 8 hours after rt-PA infusion, the measured cross-linked fibrin degradation products were increased about twofold to fourfold in group 2 with both assays.
 However, in group 1, levels were significantly higher with the pan-specific tag ELISA (5.8 +/- 4.2 micrograms/mL) compared with the fibrin-specific tag ELISA (1.5 +/- 1.3 micrograms/mL).
 This observation was most likely a result of detection of fibrinogen degradation products in the pan-specific ELISA.
 Apparent levels of fibrinopeptide B beta 1-42, a marker of fragment X formation, increased during thrombolysis from 4.2 +/- 2.8 pmol/mL to 2,000 +/- 230 pmol/mL in group 1 and from 4.1 +/- 2.1 pmol/mL to 300 +/- 43 pmol/mL in group 2, and were correlated significantly with the extent of fibrinogen breakdown (r = -0.8).
 Fibrinopeptide beta 15-42 levels increased from 4.3 +/- 3 pmol/mL to 70 +/- 19 pmol/mL in group 1, but did not increase in group 2.
 The apparent increase in group 1 could be explained by cross-reactivity of fibrinopeptide B beta 1-42 in the fibrinopeptide beta 15-42 assay.
 We conclude that cross-linked fibrin degradation product levels as measured with a pan-specific tag ELISA and fibrinopeptide beta 15-42 levels as measured with certain monoclonal antibody-based ELISA are influenced by the extent of fibrinogen degradation.
 Fibrinopeptide B beta 1-42 is a marker specific for fibrinogen breakdown.
 Cross-linked fibrin degradation product levels, measured with a fibrin-specific tag ELISA, appear to be markers specific for thrombolysis.
 Consequently, assays similar to the fibrin-specific tag ELISA may provide more accurate information when correlated with clinical endpoints.
