Clinical applications of carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriography.
 During an 18-month period 33 patients in whom there were contraindications to the use of iodinated contrast arteriography underwent 40 carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriograms for lower extremity ischemia (19), severe hypertension and renal insufficiency (12), or arterial aneurysm (2).
 Contraindications to iodinated contrast agents included renal insufficiency, congestive heart failure, and contrast hypersensitivity.
 Sixteen aortic, 15 iliac-femoral-popliteal-tibial, five aorta-iliac-femoral and four aorta-iliac-femoral-popliteal-tibial carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriography studies were performed.
 In 11 studies, imaging of selected arterial segments required the addition of 10 to 60 ml of dilute nonionic contrast.
 Guided by carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriography studies four femoral-tibial bypasses, three aneurysmorrhaphies, two aortorenal bypasses, one aortofemoral bypass and one femoral-femoral bypass were successfully performed in 11 patients.
 In addition, carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriography directed angioplasties of the common iliac (4), superficial femoral (6), popliteal (3), or tibioperoneal trunk (1) were performed in 10 patients.
 Complications of carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriography included transient deterioration in renal function in three patients in whom 20 ml of nonionic contrast was used, a nonfatal myocardial infarction after a popliteal percutaneous transluminal angioplasty in one patient, and transient tachypnea and tachycardia during a carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriography study in one patient.
 Diagnostic arteriograms are obtainable using carbon dioxide as the contrast agent.
 Carbon dioxide/digital subtraction arteriography permits patients with symptomatic arterial disease at high risk for contrast related complications to safely undergo arteriography and subsequent arterial reconstruction or endovascular intervention.
