Differences in beta-adrenergic neuroeffector mechanisms in ischemic versus idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
 BACKGROUND.
 We measured the content and activities of components of the beta-adrenergic receptor-G protein-adenylate cyclase complex and adrenergic neurotransmitter levels in left and right ventricular myocardial preparations derived from 77 end-stage failing human hearts from patients with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy (IDC) or ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy (ISCDC).
 METHODS AND RESULTS.
 The results were compared with data obtained in 21 nonfailing hearts removed from organ donors.
 Compared with ISCDC ventricles, IDC left and right ventricles exhibited a greater degree of total beta- or beta 1-receptor downregulation.
 In contrast, compared with IDC right ventricles, isolated tissue preparations of ISCDC right ventricles exhibited a greater degree of subsensitivity to the inotropic effect of isoproterenol, indicating a relatively greater degree of functional uncoupling of right ventricular ISCDC beta-receptors from mechanical response.
 In addition, relative to IDC left ventricles, preparations of ISCDC left ventricle exhibited greater subsensitivity to beta-agonist-mediated adenylate cyclase stimulation, indicating functional uncoupling of left ventricular ISCDC beta-receptors from cyclic AMP generation.
 The uncoupling of beta-receptors in ISCDC left and right ventricles may have been a result of abnormalities in G protein activation of adenylate cyclase; compared with age- and cardiac function-matched respective left or right IDC ventricles, ISCDC left ventricles exhibited less stimulation of adenylate cyclase by NaF or forskolin but no change in Mn2+ stimulation, whereas ISCDC right ventricles exhibited less stimulation by the nonhydrolyzable guanine nucleotide Gpp (NH)p.
 Also, IDC right ventricles exhibited a "selective" (not present in IDC left ventricles or ISCDC ventricles) decrease in stimulation of adenylate cyclase by Mn2+.
 Tissue neurotransmitter levels and pertussis toxin-catalyzed ADP ribosylation were altered to similar extents in IDC and ISCDC.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 These data indicate that potentially important differences exist in the regulatory behavior of components of the beta-adrenergic receptor-G protein-adenylate cyclase complex in IDC versus ISCDC, differences that presumably relate to the distinct pathophysiologies of these two types of heart muscle disease.
