my question last night i asked a question about new people coming here everynight and talking pure crap tonight it's a pokemon what do u think i know he'll wanna answer but there's a big fat report waiting for him what why are u people attacking me u should attack pika for giving us wrestling fans hell and all the others who did it befor him like lesbo mr magic etc fear not seto kaiba will destroy pikachu j k Seto Kaiba Virtual Realm Pikachu Pok__mon (anime) Noah Kaiba Duelist Kingdom Waking the Dragons Blue-Eyes White Dragon Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Phoebe Buffay's songs ECW One Night Stand Shawn Michaels Jennifer Lopez Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters Can't Hardly Wait Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Eric Cartman The Ashlee Simpson Show Mokuba Kaiba The Clash Game show Glen Jacobs Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Dartz The Emancipation of Mimi Jon Secada Meaning of life Obelisk the Tormentor Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Leon White Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an The Winged Dragon of Ra Pok__mon Abilities Qiyamah Hip hop collaborations Gastly Pok__mon Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series anime) Avenue Q The Tonight Show Hey You, Pikachu! Kurt Angle Chazz Princeton Raichu Extreme Championship Wrestling U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Rafael (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Mark Calaway Pok__mon Heroes Maximillion Pegasus SMTV Live World Wrestling Entertainment John Layfield RuneScape Random Events Pok__mon Ruby and Sapphire Pok__mon Yellow Gregg Alexander Piccolo Junior Saga Fanon (fiction) Pok__mon Chronicles Pro Wrestling Illustrated Pika Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Killing Joke Hip hop rivalries Seiy__ AC/DC The Jazz Singer Survivor (novel) Investigations since the Fiji coup of 2000 Lisa Marie Varon Eddie Guerrero Set (mythology) Mick Foley NWo Graham Kennedy May (Pok__mon) Insane Clown Posse Ayyavazhi mythology Big Brother (USA TV series) Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man World Championship Wrestling Eric Bischoff Pok__mon: The Movie 2000 KISS (band) The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll The Dick Cavett Show Queen (band) The Isley Brothers David Letterman Rod Stewart $ale of the Century Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light A.J. Styles Battle of the Bulge 