paul london vs brian kendrick who do you think can win i honestly can not think of an answer they're both great athletes and both talented they had that in a beat the clock match and neither one of them won if it was a santioned match however everyone would be on their feet the entire time just because it'd be that awesome that'd be like having lighting fighting a tornado in a closed container Paul London Professional wrestling match types The Great American Bash Tag team StarrCade Brian Kendrick Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics 2005 English cricket season 1731 English cricket season World Series Game show Clash of Champions ECW One Night Stand Alex Ferguson Mike Alfonso Melbourne Cricket Ground English cricket team Roger Federer Steffi Graf Peter Senerca Huddersfield Giants Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Brian Close St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics Glen Jacobs $ale of the Century Muhammad Ali Norway national football team England national football team 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand The Ashes Wales national rugby union team Eddie Kendricks Scott Levy Germany national football team Chelsea F.C. Masato Tanaka West Bromwich Albion F.C. Test cricket 2000 Summer Olympics United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics The Temptations Fanny Blankers-Koen William Poole Jos__ Ra__l Capablanca Boxing Howard Staunton Ruy Lopez Mark Calaway Shen Gong Wu Juventud Guerrera Sports in Puerto Rico FA Cup Fall Brawl Aston Villa F.C. Adam Copeland The Joker's Wild R.S.C. Anderlecht Big Ben Page Falkenberg Shawn Michaels West Ham United F.C. Torquay United F.C. 1896 Summer Olympics Joe Louis Jacqueline Moore Paul Morphy April 2005 in sports Essendon Football Club May 2005 in Britain and Ireland Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) Bobby Fischer Cork City F.C. Dundee United F.C. 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Leeds United F.C. 2005-06 in Scottish football Manchester United F.C. Peter Shilton Anatoly Karpov Sheffield United F.C. Ravi Shastri Eddie Guerrero Sugar Ray Robinson Forfar Athletic F.C. Brock Lesnar Steve McManaman Royal Rumble Athletics at the 1908 Summer Olympics - Men's 800 metres Laws of cricket Daylight saving time Rugby union positions America's Cup Sumo Roddy Piper David Beckham History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) World Chess Championship 