Recurrent childhood myoglobinuria.
 Recurrent heritable childhood myoglobinuria is a potentially fatal entity (mortality up to 35%) in which prompt diagnosis and treatment are critical.
 Sixty childhood cases have been reported between 1910 to 1988, most with undiagnosed etiologies.
 We have studied an additional 40 cases referred to CPMC (1980-1988), suggesting that this condition is largely underdiagnosed or unreported.
 We have found important differences between the childhood and adult-onset cases.
 Of 77 cases of adult-onset recurrent myoglobinuria, 45% have been diagnosed biochemically.
 In contrast, only 30% of the 60 childhood cases from the literature have been diagnosed; 11 with CPT deficiency and 7 with various glycolytic defects, and only 5 of our 40 childhood cases have been diagnosed, all with CPT deficiency.
 The 100 combined childhood cases can be divided into an exertional group (type I) with exertion as the leading precipitating factor (46 literature and 10 CPMC cases), a toxic group (type II) with infection and/or fever as the primary precipitant (14 literature and 23 CPMC cases), and 7 undefined cases.
 The type I group resembles the adult-onset group in which exercise is also the leading precipitating factor.
 There is a slight female predominance (male/female = 1:1.3) in the toxic group vs.
 a marked male predominance in the exertional and adult groups (4:1).
 Only 4 of 37 cases (11%) of the toxic group are diagnosed (all with CPT deficiency) vs.
 19 of 56 cases (34%) of the exertional group (12 CPT, 7 glycolytic) and 45% of the adult group.
 The toxic group is also differentiated by a higher mortality rate and by the presence of additional clinical features, including ictal bulbar signs (8 of 18), encephalopathy (4 of 19), and seizures (2 of 7), as well as persistent cardiac abnormalities, developmental delay (4 of 17), and dysmorphic features (2 of 9).
 These clinical characteristics clearly differentiate the childhood from the adult cases and suggest the presence of more generalized disease processes and different biochemical etiologies.
 A study of the heritable causes of myoglobinuria is important because identification of the biochemical defect may elucidate the pathogenetic mechanism of the myoglobinuria and facilitate the development of rational treatment strategies aimed at circumventing or correcting the metabolic block.
