"Near miss" death in obstructive sleep apnea: a critical care syndrome.
 OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to alert critical care physicians to the syndrome of obstructive sleep apnea with respiratory failure ("near miss" death) and to elucidate characteristics that might allow earlier recognition and treatment of such patients.
 DESIGN: We examined clinical and laboratory characteristics of eight patients with obstructive sleep apnea presenting to the ICU with respiratory failure.
 These characteristics were compared with those of eight stable apnea patients of similar severity but without a history of presentation with respiratory failure.
 SETTING: Medical ICU and pulmonary outpatient clinic at the Houston Veterans Administration Medical Center, a teaching hospital affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine.
 PATIENTS: Eight patients with obstructive sleep apnea who presented in, or developed, acute respiratory failure requiring tracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation were matched to eight stable obstructive sleep apnea outpatients from the chest clinic.
 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The records of these 16 patients were reviewed and multiple characteristics that might predict these obstructive sleep apnea patients prone to respiratory failure and death (called the "near miss" death group; n = 8) were examined.
 The mean age of the near miss group was 57 yrs.
 All eight patients presented with respiratory acidosis (mean pH 7.22), hypercarbia (mean PaCO2 82 torr [10.9 kPa]), and hypoxemia (mean PaO2 45 torr [6.0 kPa]).
 Six of the eight patients had concomitant chronic obstructive pulmonary disease as determined by clinical characteristics and spirometry.
 Predisposing factors included facial trauma, lower respiratory tract infections or bronchospasm, and use of pain medication.
 All but one of the near miss subjects had awake hypercarbia (mean PaCO2 49 torr [6.5 kPa]) and hypoxemia (mean PaO2 58 torr [7.7 kPa]) during periods of clinical stability while only two controls had concomitant chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and none had hypercarbia.
 The prevalence of a history of wheezing and prior hospitalization for "respiratory problems" were greater in the near miss group.
 Once cured of apnea, no patient presented with recurrence of respiratory failure in follow-up ranging from 6 to 80 months, and cor pulmonale recurred in only one patient during subsequent onset of central apneas.
 CONCLUSION: Patients with obstructive sleep apnea who have concomitant chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or hypercarbia and hypoxemia are more prone to develop severe respiratory failure and probable death than those patients with apnea alone.
 The current study shows that recurrent respiratory failure and presumably mortality from this acute complication can be reversed with effective treatment of the obstructive apnea.
