Endogenous IFN-gamma is required for resistance to acute Trypanosoma cruzi infection in mice.
 In order to study the role of endogenous IFN-gamma in Trypanosoma cruzi infection in mice, a potent murine IFN-gamma-specific mAb was injected i.p.
 on days -1, 7, and 14, relative to infection.
 Irrespective of the parasite inocula (100 or 25,000), groups of antibody-treated mice had significantly greater cumulative mortality rates than did appropriate controls.
 In antibody-treated mice, mean survival times were also significantly shorter, and maximum mean parasitemia levels were significantly higher, than in controls.
 Moreover, the number of amastigote nests in tissues was higher than in control mice and attained a maximum at the same time as parasitemia.
 As evident from kinetic studies of neutralizing activity, injected mAb were rapidly consumed in infected, but not in noninfected, mice, which is suggestive of massive IFN-gamma production during the early parasitemic phase of the disease.
 Nevertheless, IFN-gamma remained undetectable in the sera of infected but untreated mice.
 Unexpectedly, however, a peak of IFN-like antiviral activity, characterizable as a mixture of IFN-gamma and IFN-beta, appeared in mAb-treated mice that survived to infection at a time when neutralizing activity of injected mAb had drastically decreased in the circulation.
 We hypothesize that this high level of artificially induced endogenous IFN-gamma, not neutralized by the amounts of injected mAb, was due to the more intense parasite multiplication occurring in mAb-treated mice, which in turn may have induced an increased amount of various cytokines.
 TNF-alpha was not found in the serum of our mice.
 The humoral immune response entered its exponential phase at a time point later than that when protection by endogenous IFN-gamma was evident.
 Treatment with IFN-gamma-specific antibody, as applied in our study, failed to affect the level of different Ig isotypes or of T.
 cruzi-specific antibodies.
 Our study clearly indicates that IFN-gamma is produced early in acute T.
 cruzi infection and exerts a protective effect that is probably independent from the humoral immune response.
