Chimeric gamma-delta signal joints. Implications for the mechanism and regulation of T cell receptor gene rearrangement.
 Rearrangement of Ag receptor genes requires recognition by the lymphocyte recombinase of heptamer-nonamer signal sequences followed by two endonucleolytic cleavages and two DNA ligations to form the coding and signal joints.
 The phenomenon of trans-rearrangement, in which Ag receptor gene segments located on different chromosomes recombine to yield chimeric products, provides an in vivo system in which to investigate the ability of the recombinase to carry out each of these functions in trans.
 Trans-rearrangements between TCRG and TCRD loci, similar in structure and frequency to those observed previously in human lymphoid tissues, were demonstrated in normal mouse thymus by PCR with crossed V gamma/J delta and V delta/J gamma primer pairs.
 A simple mechanistic model for trans-rearrangement was then tested.
 This model posits an ability of the recombinase to catalyze the formation of both coding and signal joints in trans and therefore predicts that trans-rearrangements will generate chimeric signal joints.
 In adult thymus, chimeric D delta 2-J gamma 1 and D delta 2-J gamma 2 signal joints, containing fused heptamer-nonamer sequences, could be detected by PCR and were each present at frequencies sufficient to account for a large proportion of the corresponding TCRG/TCRD trans-rearrangements.
 In agreement with the predictions of the model, chimeric signal joints were found as both linear chromosomal and circular episomal DNA.
 The results provide a framework for understanding the formation of chromosomal translocations in normal and neoplastic lymphoid cells and support the possibility of a looping mechanism for standard gene rearrangement.
 To test the form of regulation of TCRG rearrangement, the frequencies of specific signal joints from standard and trans-rearrangements were compared.
 Although J gamma 1 and J gamma 2 segments participated with equal frequency in trans-rearrangement with D delta 2, only the J gamma 1 segment participated in standard rearrangement with V gamma 5.
 The results suggest that V-J recombination in the TCRG locus is regulated directly at the DNA level by cis-acting constraints which do not affect the accessibility of individual TCRG gene segments to recombination in trans.
