need codes for yu gi oh game i need the card codes for yu gi oh up to when the sacred cards yo gi oh game was released i'd get it myself but dialup sucks codes for god cards would be nice if possible www gamefaqs com has all if not most of the card passwords for furhter codes you need a gameshark or action replay www gameshark com and codejunkies com have codes for action replay gameshark GameShark Action Replay GoldenEye 007 Animal Crossing Pok__mon (video games) The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Hot Coffee mod Perfect Dark GameFAQs Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Banjo-Tooie Banjo-Kazooie E-Reader WWE SmackDown! (video game) Computer and video games Cheat cartridge Glitch City Game Genie Password (video games) Cheat code Password Nintendo 64 Quake StarCraft Jirachi Nintendo Power Celebi Chrono Trigger Yu-Gi-Oh! The Legend of Zelda Metroid Apple II family Deoxys Resident Evil Password (game) Extreme Programming Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW RuneScape cheats Number of the Beast (numerology) Wi-Fi Protected Access Magic: The Gathering sets MOS Technology SID Super Mario Bros. WWF SmackDown! 2: Know Your Role Football (soccer) Egyptian God Cards History of computer and video games Descent (computer game) FA Cup Dominions II Game Boy PC Engine System/36 Dial-up access Commodore 64 Fire Emblem Kick Off Mew (Pok__mon) Credit card Mao (game) Star Wars: Rogue Squadron 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Uniform Resource Locator 500 (number) PlayStation 2 Expansion Bay Orochi Game Boy Advance Link (Legend of Zelda) Poker jargon Computer security Grand Theft Auto III Pok__mon Windows 3.x Fatal Fury The Legend of Zelda series Lemmings (computer game) Super Smash Bros. Melee Legacy of Kain Playing card Blizzard Entertainment Neopets MAME Pok__mon Trading Card Game VS System Sevii Islands Linux kernel Warhammer 40,000 Metroid series Metropolis Street Racer The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap Blue-Eyes White Dragon SOCOM II: U.S. Navy SEALs Quake II Max Payne Phishing Game Show Network Federal Standard 1037C The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past 