super mario bros two questions q what is mario's and luigi's surname q did mario fancy the pants off of princess peach or was he just be friendly by saving her life millions of times q in the movie there surname was mario but this was never confirmed by nintendo q in some games he likes her you see hearts in his eyes and in others he's just being friendly Super Mario Bros. 2 Mario Paper Mario Toad (Nintendo) Luigi Super Mario All-Stars Princess Peach Super Mario Bros. 3 Bowser Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Mario Bros. Mario series enemies Super Mario remake series Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Princess Daisy Super Mario Bros. television series Super Smash Bros. Melee Koopa Kid Super Mario 64 DS Nintendo DS Super Mario Bros. (film) Wario Mario Bros. Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Mario Kart Super Circuit Mario Kart DS Doki Doki Panic Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Birdo Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario Strikers Koji Kondo Goomba Mario Kart 64 Super Mario 128 Super Smash Bros. Nintendo Comics System Lakitu Mushroom Kingdom Pauline Mario Kart Nintendo GameCube Nintendo Donkey Kong Professor E. Gadd Hammer Brothers The Legend of Zelda series Wart (Nintendo) Super Mario Advance 4 Waluigi E-Reader Mario Superstar Baseball Mario Party Video game character Boss (video games) Bob-omb Nintendo 64 Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Shigeru Miyamoto Mario Party series Yoshi Nintendo Power Super Mario Land Princess Zelda Mario Golf Mario Party 4 Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Mario Pinball Land Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Mario Party 7 Nintendo Entertainment System Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Fire Flower Yoshi's Safari Super Princess Peach Game & Watch Gallery Classic NES Series Mario Party 6 Link (Legend of Zelda) Mario Party Advance Mario Is Missing! King Toadstool Game Boy Platform game Bullet Bill Kamek Mario Party 3 Koopa Troopa Super Mushroom The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening characters The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Chomp (Mario) Donkey Kong Junior 