do u have a suggestion on what games to play for my party nite its my st b day party i need some drinking games can include dice cards or dominos and the rules thanx guys if you want to enjoy this party watch the games but don't participate if you do participate plan on steering the bus for a good part of the night have fun and happy birthday Dominoes Role-playing game Advanced Squad Leader Birthday Risk (game) Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Monopoly (game) Craps Ryo Bakura Fischer Random Chess Playing card Surreal number Friends President (game) Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Whose Line Is It Anyway? Dice Pai gow poker Party game Andrew Dice Clay Mahjong Yu-Gi-Oh! Social rule Memoir '44 The Ashlee Simpson Show Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Humphrey Bogart Drinking game Game mechanic Gary Gygax The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Trick-taking game National Football League Wargaming Futurama (TV series - season 2) Can't Hardly Wait Poker jargon Katsuya Jonouchi Happiness Wedding Crashers Game Dungeons & Dragons Avenue Q Pok__mon Trading Card Game TSR, Inc. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Board game Tabletop role-playing game Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Kingdom of Loathing Parachuting Gamemaster Suit (cards) Public transport Playoff Shaggy dog story Extreme Programming Mao (game) Card game Customs and etiquette of Japan Phoebe Buffay's songs MetroCard National Football League Lore Party Winning Streak Sport Wan Chai Football (soccer) Cluedo Unglued Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Theory of conduct New World First Bus Culture of Korea Ultimate (sport) Collectible card game Walt Disney World Resort Grandview, U.S.A. Chess variant Blackjack Warhammer 40,000 ELO rating system Cribbage Buddy Guy Euchre The Beach Boys Chinese dominoes Good News Week Little Britain Mafia (game) Cheapass Games New York's Village Halloween Parade Cheating in poker Jeopardy! Sonic the Hedgehog 2 The Wack Pack Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur Opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War 