club penguin on club penguin does it really take weeks for them to get your check and become a member i live in the unite states in illinois which is close to missouri no the first time u log in it automatticly lets u play as a member Pittsburgh Penguins American Civil War Midwestern United States Quincy, Illinois U.S. Highway 60 U.S. Senior Open Millencolin United States Senate St. Louis County, Missouri Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Awards and decorations of the National Guard Mario Lemieux Illinois Hot Dance Music/Club Play Sigma Nu Crystal Lake, Illinois Supreme Court of the United States Joseph Smith, Jr. Default logic Logarithm The Quarrymen Twin cities Military academy U.S. Women's Open Championship (golf) Oamaru Shawnee Youngstown State University Futurama (TV series - season 3) African Americans in the United States Congress Patrick Lalime American Bottom Sikeston, Missouri Abraham Lincoln United States district court Draw poker Internet Chess Club Highest-income places in the United States East St. Louis, Illinois Missouri Negro league baseball Illinois State University Little Egypt (region) Software bug Trans States Airlines The Football League Star Alliance Truman State University Mississippi River 109th United States Congress Sidney Rigdon Nauvoo, Illinois United States Attorney Richard Yates (governor) Contesting Highest-income counties in the United States Club Eastern Illinois University U.S. presidential election, 1860 U.S. Highway 66 REO Speedwagon State supreme court H2G2 Episcopal Church in the United States of America Missouri River Latter Day Saint movement Warren Commission Chess State university SM-liiga U.S. presidential election, 1960 United States House of Representatives Sierra Club Major League Soccer Penguin Books Ern Malley The Contender (television series) Interstate 72 Counties of the United States Collision detection Democratic Party (United States) Marching band Frogman Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Metro-East Luther Head West Ham United F.C. Toronto Maple Leafs Galesburg, Illinois Wal-Mart Six Flags Kansas City, Missouri Music of Illinois Big Ten Conference NHL Entry Draft Sports Car Club of America Interstate 55 Ohio River Saint Louis, Missouri Nathaniel Pope Confederate States of America 