what should i buy i was wondering what i should do with my should i buy a ds lite with new super mario bros or should i buy these on the wii mario party big brain academy wii degree cooking mama resident evil a nunchuk ds lite hands down i can't put mine down i even had to buy one for the wife since she kept on playing mine i also have a wii and didn't like mario party big brain and cooking mama are better and cheaper on the ds Paper Mario Super Mario 64 Luigi Super Mario Bros. television series Super Mario 128 Super Mario Bros. Super Smash Bros. Melee Nintendo Roxette Bowser Toad (Nintendo) Waluigi Koopa Kid Mario Diddy Kong Super Mario remake series Super Mushroom Birdo Doki Doki Panic Wario Princess Peach Boss (video games) Lakitu Super Mario 64 DS Nintendo GameCube Super Mario All-Stars Koopa Troopa Super Mario Advance 4 Player's Choice Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Samus Aran Yoshi Mario series enemies Computer and video game genres Thwomp Mario Bros. Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario Bros. 3 Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Inspector Gadget Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Mario World Shigeru Miyamoto Video game music Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever The Legend of Zelda series Computer and video games Super Mario Bros. (film) Wart (Nintendo) Super Smash Bros. Nintendo Comics System Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Ganon Paul W. S. Anderson Joke Princess Daisy E-Reader Super Mario Land The Jazz Singer Link (Legend of Zelda) Classic NES Series The Honeymooners Mario Kart Koji Kondo Mario Kart DS Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Animal Crossing Warp pipe Fatboy Slim Game Boy Goomba Donkey Kong Mushroom Kingdom Shy Guy The Wizard (film) Donkey Kong Junior Hammer Brothers Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario Kart Fire Flower Humphrey Bogart Bob-omb Nintendo 64 Daz Dillinger Mario Cuomo History of video games (16-bit era) Patrick Star Platform game Fanon (fiction) Codename: Kids Next Door Vegeta King Toadstool King Boo Nintendo DS Nintendo Power Mario Party 6 Tatanga Mario J. Molina Rayman 