Abnormalities of von Willebrand factor multimers in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and the hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
 PURPOSE: To analyze and review von Willebrand factor (vWF) multimeric patterns in patients with single-episode thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP), intermittent TTP (episodes at infrequent, irregular intervals), chronic relapsing TTP (episodes at frequent, regular intervals), and the hemolytic-uremic syndrome (HUS).
 PATIENTS AND METHODS: Platelet-poor plasma samples were obtained in EDTA, citrate, or citrate-hirudin-aprotinin-leupeptin from 36 patients with single-episode TTP, eight patients with intermittent TTP, four patients with chronic relapsing TTP, and 26 patients with HUS.
 The samples were separated by sodium dodecyl sulfate-agarose gel electrophoresis, overlaid with rabbit 125I-anti-human vWF IgG, and analyzed by autoradiography.
 RESULTS: Abnormalities of vWF multimers were found in platelet-poor plasma samples from 31 of 36 found in platelet-poor plasma samples from 31 of 36 patients (86%) at the onset of and during their single TTP episode.
 vWF multimers larger than those in normal plasma, and similar to vWF forms observed within normal human endothelial cells (unusually large vWF multimers), were demonstrated in 31% of the patients; 19% had either unusually large vWF multimers or a relative decrease in the largest plasma vWF forms in different serial samples; 36% had a relative decrease in the largest plasma vWF forms.
 These results imply that endothelial cell injury or intense stimulation, along with the attachment of unusually large vWF multimers and the largest plasma vWF forms to platelets, occurred during the single TTP episodes in most patients.
 Patterns of vWF multimers were normal in 92% of patients with single-episode TTP studied after recovery.
 All eight patients with intermittent TTP and the four patients with chronic relapsing TTP had unusually large vWF multimers in their plasma between episodes, and these multimers decreased or disappeared during relapses.
 Of 26 children and adults with HUS, 14 had a relative decrease in the largest plasma vWF multimeric forms and one had unusually large vWF multimers during the episode (vWF multimeric abnormalities in 58% of the patients).
 CONCLUSION: It is probable that vWF was involved in the pathophysiology of TTP in most of these patients with the single-episode, intermittent, or chronic relapsing types of TTP, and in more than 50% of the patients with HUS.
