Progressive hemolytic anemia due to delayed recognition of a Beall mitral valve prosthesis.
 In addition to a working knowledge of general complications such as thromboembolism and infective endocarditis, optimal care of the patient with a prosthetic valve requires specific knowledge concerning the characteristics of a given patient's prosthesis.
 This may need to include the ability to identify the valve roentgenographically when history and records are unavailable.
 A 53-year-old woman with mitral stenosis secondary to rheumatic heart disease and status post a reported Bjork-Shiley mitral valve (MV) replacement 17 years prior to hospital admission was referred for evaluation of severe hemolytic anemia.
 Previous cinefluoroscopy in 1986 at the time of a cerebrovascular accident revealed a normally functioning caged disc prosthesis and not the tilting disc of a Bjork-Shiley prosthetic valve.
 The valve was not further characterized and she continued receiving warfarin therapy until May 1989 when she presented with laboratory findings showing a marked hemolytic anemia with a hemoglobin of 6.5 mg/dl and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) value of 2100 IU.
 Echocardiography revealed normal valvular function without evidence of perivalvular leak.
 The patient was referred for further evaluation with chest roentgenogram at the time of hospital admission revealing a valve configuration characteristic of the Beall model 103/104 series that has been found to manifest progressive disc variance with a high degree of hemolytic anemia (despite normal noninvasive evaluation of MV function), disc tilting with intermittent regurgitation, and catastrophic disc embolization in extreme cases.
 The precise identification of valvular prosthesis in patients after valve replacement is crucial for optimal management.
 As in our case, the mere identification of a particular valve may necessitate certain management and therapy based on the natural history of that valve.
 In the absence of reliable history and/or records, the roentgenographic examination should lead to the precise identification.
