Induction of the paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria phenotype in normal human erythrocytes: effects of 2-aminoethylisothiouronium bromide on membrane proteins that regulate complement.
 To investigate the mechanism by which treatment of normal human erythrocytes with the sulfhydryl reagent 2-aminoethylisothiouronium bromide (AET) induces susceptibility to complement mediated lysis, the effects of AET on the structural and functional integrity of decay accelerating factor (DAF), membrane inhibitor of reactive lysis (MIRL), and complement receptor type 1 (CR1) were examined.
 Following treatment with AET, erythrocyte MIRL and CR1 were no longer recognized in situ by antibodies, and antibody binding to DAF was diminished by approximately 50%.
 These studies indicated that the structural integrity of the three complement regulatory proteins was either partially (DAF) or completely (MIRL and CR1) disrupted by AET.
 Subsequent experiments showed that functional inactivation paralleled the structural disruption.
 Treatment of normal erythrocytes with AET induced susceptibility to cobra venom factor-initiated hemolysis, indicating that the functional activity of MIRL had been destroyed.
 The capacity of erythrocyte CR1 to serve as a cofactor for factor I-mediated cleavage of iC3b to C3c and C3dg was lost following treatment with AET.
 C3 convertase activity increase markedly following treatment of erythrocytes with AET, but convertase activity on AET cells was approximately 50% less than that observed when DAF function on normal cells was completely inhibited by antibody.
 Susceptibility of AET cells to acidified serum lysis was shown to be due primarily to inactivation of MIRL.
 Unexpectedly, in acidified serum the activity of the amplification C3 convertase of the APC was found to be controlled by MIRL as well as by DAF.
 These studies show that AET induces susceptibility to complement-mediated lysis by disrupting the structural and functional integrity of membrane constituents that regulate the activity of both the C3 convertases and the membrane attack complex of complement.
