Hemorrhagic disorder due to an isoniazid-associated acquired factor XIII inhibitor in a patient with Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia.
 A case is described of a 75-year-old woman with a history of pulmonary tuberculosis and Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia who developed an inhibitor of coagulation factor XIII while taking isoniazid.
 The patient presented with a subcutaneous hematoma of the abdominal wall that extended from the xiphoid process to the symphysis pubis and measured 20 cm in diameter.
 Results of routine coagulation studies were normal with the exception of an increased solubility of the patient's plasma clot in 5M urea consistent with a deficiency of factor XIII activity.
 Persistence of the deficiency following a 1:2 dilution of the patient's plasma in normal plasma indicated the presence of an inhibitor.
 A sample of the patient's plasma was depleted of IgG by streptococcal protein G adsorption.
 The IgG-depleted plasma did not inhibit factor XIII activity, indicating that the inhibitory activity was not attributable to the underlying IgM paraprotein.
 The patient's purified IgG, on the other hand, inhibited factor XIII activity and the inhibitory activity could be neutralized by anti-IgG antibody.
 The patient's IgG also inhibited factor XIII-mediated incorporation of fluorescent monodansylcadaverine into casein.
 Binding of the patient's IgG to factor XIII concentrate was demonstrated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and the IgG that bound to the factor XIII was demonstrated to be polyclonal.
 Isoniazid was discontinued after the patient was admitted to the hospital.
 Cryoprecipitate infusion controlled bleeding and reduced the inhibitor titer by 50%.
 Treatment with cyclophosphamide and prednisone, followed by extracorporeal immunoadsorption over a staphylococcal protein A column, did not reduce the inhibitor titer further.
 Plasma exchange therapy reduced the inhibitor titer to undetectable levels but failed to restore factor XIII activity.
 Infusions of factor XIII concentrate reproducibly restored factor XIII activity and were not associated with an anamnestic rise in the inhibitor titer.
 This represents the seventh reported case of an acquired inhibitor to factor XIII associated with the ingestion of isoniazid.
