Effect of ischemia on protein synthesis in the septic liver.
 The effect of ischemia on hepatic protein synthesis during sepsis is not known, but is of clinical relevance, since hepatic blood flow decreases during the late phase of sepsis.
 In this study, synthesis of acute-phase proteins was measured in perfused livers of rats 16 hours after sham operation or cecal ligation and puncture.
 Livers from each group had 45 minutes of complete ischemia or control perfusion.
 Protein synthesis was measured during two hour perfusion after the ischemia or control period, by determining incorporation of 3H-leucine into total secreted trichloracetic acid precipitated proteins, immunoprecipitated complement component C3 and albumin and phosphotungstenate-precipitated alpha 1-acid glycoprotein.
 Lactate, glutamine-oxalacetic transaminase (GOT) and glutamic-pyruvic transaminase (GPT) levels in the perfusate were measured during preischemic and postischemic perfusion.
 Tissue glutathione levels were measured at the end of the perfusion.
 Synthesis of alpha 1-acid glycoprotein was increased by 100 per cent and albumin synthesis decreased by 46 per cent in septic livers, consistent with an acute-phase response and apparent downregulation of albumin synthesis during early sepsis.
 Synthesis rates were reduced by 50 to 60 per cent after ischemia in perfused livers from sham operated rats and 70 to 80 per cent in livers from septic rats.
 Hepatic production of interleukin-1 was not different between the groups during perfusion.
 GOT and GPT levels increased significantly during ischemia of both nonseptic and septic livers and rapidly returned toward baseline during reperfusion.
 Lactate levels were higher in perfusate of septic than of nonseptic livers before ischemia and increased further during ischemia.
 The results suggest that ischemia inhibits production of secreted hepatic proteins similarly in nonseptic and septic livers, but perhaps to a slightly greater extent in septic livers.
