what's better not qualifying for a world cup or qualifying and losing all the first round games so whats better not qualifying for a world cup or losing all the games in the first round and getting eliminated in the first round i think i would rather not go if it means losing at the group stage edit the reason for my answer is because i would rather save the legs and fitness of the players that belong to my club my club comes before my national side FA Cup England national football team Norway national football team Troms__ I.L. UEFA Champions League Brazil national football team Germany national football team Bryan Robson Italy national football team Bundesliga (football) R.S.C. Anderlecht UEFA Cup Playoff 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Football World Cup Australia national football team Playoff format Mexico national football team Football (soccer) Gustavo Kuerten Hungary national football team Jack Charlton The Football League Portugal national football team Football in the United Kingdom A-League 2005-06 Newcastle United F.C. Northern Ireland national football team 2005 English cricket season Chile national football team Netherlands national football team France national football team League Cup Celtic F.C. Los Angeles Kings FIFA Football World Cup 1990 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Football World Cup 1950 Ipswich Town F.C. Paraguay national football team John McEnroe FC Artmedia Bratislava Football World Cup 1994 United States men's national soccer team France women's national football team Israel national football team Sven-G__ran Eriksson Rugby union Peter Shilton Football World Cup 1958 Alex Ferguson Belgium national football team Rangers F.C. Poland national football team FC K__benhavn Copa Libertadores de Am__rica National Hockey League 2003 Rugby Union World Cup Australian national rugby union team Scotland national football team Tranmere Rovers F.C. Ali Daei Paul Ince Iran national football team Gordon Banks May 2005 in sports Ecuador national football team Miroslav Bla__evi__ Football World Cup 2002 West Bromwich Albion F.C. Republic of Ireland national football team Maccabi Haifa F.C. Kevin Keegan September 2004 in sports 2005 ICC Trophy Norman Hunter Football World Cup 1954 Football World Cup 2006 (qualification CONCACAF) World Series Romania national rugby union team Shelbourne F.C. John Aldridge Football World Cup 1978 Bulgaria national football team Football World Cup 1982 Heineken Cup Cricket Alan Shearer The Championships, Wimbledon Alan Hansen July 2004 in sports Spain national football team AFC Wimbledon Trevor Steven David Beckham Indonesia national football team English cricket team 