how many players in england's world cup squad were also in the squad please name them the first answers are correct but your missing one player beckham gary neville owen and rio ferdinand i think thats all England national football team David Beckham Manchester United F.C. Michael Owen Alan Shearer Gary Neville Bryan Robson Tony Adams (footballer) Frank Lampard Real Madrid Rio Ferdinand Sol Campbell Philip Neville FA Premier League 1995-96 Manchester United 1999-present Leeds United F.C. Steve McManaman Kenny Sansom Hand of God goal Everton F.C. Alex Ferguson West Ham United F.C. Alan Hansen Football World Cup 1998 Steven Gerrard Boston Bruins Lee Dixon Paul Ince Emile Heskey Bobby Charlton Glenn Hoddle 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Football chant Bayern Munich Sven-G__ran Eriksson Brazil national football team Football World Cup 1986 Liverpool F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Ryan Giggs Stanley Cup England national football team records David Vernon Watson FIFA World Player of the Year Joe Jordan (footballer) Gary Stevens Portugal national football team England national rugby union team Manchester United 1986-1999 Glen Johnson (footballer) Nobby Stiles Italy national football team FA Cup Newcastle United F.C. Football World Cup Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Harry Redknapp Football World Cup 2002 FA Premier League 2003-04 Charlton Athletic F.C. Viv Anderson Aston Villa F.C. Leicester City F.C. Alan Ball (footballer) Ali Daei Football culture International cricket in South Africa (1971 to 1981) Paraguay national football team Queens Park Rangers F.C. Teddy Sheringham Ipswich Town F.C. Luton Town F.C. Chile national football team Ronaldo Newcastle Falcons Phil Neal The Football League Coventry City F.C. Football World Cup 1990 Gareth Southgate Ireland national rugby league team Garrincha Preston North End F.C. Jonny Wilkinson Toronto Maple Leafs Jack Charlton Trevor Steven Football World Cup 1982 Viking F.K. France women's national football team Davis Cup Detroit Red Wings FIFA 100 Des Walker Millwall F.C. Bristol Rugby Gary Player Germany national football team 