what do you all think about romanian football clubs name some name a few romanian football players what player you think is the greatest romanian ever craiavo played my team dundee utd en route to the uefa cup final in and we humped them never hear about romanian football but steaua used to be good in the late s early s and gheorge hagi what a legend did you know he could open a can of beans with his left foot do you remember the goal he scored at the world cup fuckin beans on toast son FC Steaua Bucure__ti Gheorghe Hagi Dundee United F.C. UEFA Champions League Manchester United F.C. Troms__ I.L. Norway national football team David Beckham Celtic F.C. Kevin Keegan IFK G__teborg FA Cup Leeds United F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Alex Ferguson Bundesliga (football) Romania R.S.C. Anderlecht The Football League Everton F.C. Fulham F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Ali Daei Michael Owen Cristiano Ronaldo Dundee F.C. Frank Lampard Ronaldo West Ham United F.C. Football World Cup Sheffield United F.C. UEFA Cup Football in England Dennis Bergkamp Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Rugby union Rangers F.C. American football Hibernian F.C. UEFA Norwich City F.C. Viking F.K. All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Brazil national football team Marco van Basten 2004-05 in English football Canadian football Aston Villa F.C. Roberto Baggio England national football team Australian rules football Andriy Shevchenko Australian Football League Rugby football Teddy Sheringham Clube Atl__tico Mineiro Futebol Clube do Porto European/South American Cup Liverpool F.C. Alan Shearer Ra__l Gonz__lez Diego Maradona History of rugby union Crystal Palace F.C. Rugby league Real Madrid Claudio Ranieri Nottingham Forest F.C. Maccabi Haifa F.C. Bryan Robson September 2004 in sports Benni McCarthy Coventry City F.C. Franz Beckenbauer Pel__ George Graham (footballer) Gianluca Vialli Playoff format August 2005 in sports UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Billy Bremner October 2004 in sports Ipswich Town F.C. Adrian Mutu Football World Cup 1978 Steve McManaman PFC Litex Lovech Raith Rovers F.C. Football in Sweden Forfar Athletic F.C. Millwall F.C. Zin__dine Zidane FA Premier League Cork City F.C. 