who is the best singaporean soccer player at this moment indra sahdan daud aged singaporean striker considered one of southeast asia's most lethal strikers indra was part of the squad that won the tiger cup for singapore in and not only was he the first local player to score total s league goals in he also became singapore highest paid local player when he re signed for home united fc while playing for the singapore national football team against malaysia in may indra suffered a freak ligament injury which sidelined him for the rest of the year his comeback came in the king's cup in december in thailand when he put on commendable performances he is playing for home united after starting out at the bedok stadium with geylang united fc in the s league he has a knack for scoring against top teams such as manchester united uruguay japan denmark and kuwait among others he also had a training stint at chelsea fc in as part of a deal with emirates he is currently the face of nike football singapore as part of nike's advertising campaign for the asean football championship formerly known as the tiger cup on july th it was reported in a local tabloid that indra had been offered trials from melbourne victory and real salt lake he's been my favourite singaporean footballer for years i was so proud when he scored against teams like manchester united uruguay japan and denmark it couldn't happen to a nicer guy Alex Ferguson Chelsea F.C. Norway national football team Blackburn Rovers F.C. Denis Law David Beckham Manchester United F.C. Bryan Robson Jack Charlton Aston Villa F.C. S.League Leeds United F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. F.C. United of Manchester The Football League FA Cup Frank Lampard Pittsburgh Steelers Real Madrid 2004-05 in English football UEFA Champions League October 2004 in sports November 2004 in sports Torquay United F.C. West Ham United F.C. Teddy Sheringham Football World Cup 1990 (qualification) Crystal Palace F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Football World Cup August 2005 in sports FA Premier League 1992-93 FA Premier League Los Angeles Kings Playoff Football World Cup 2006 (qualification AFC) Arsenal F.C. Everton F.C. Kevin Keegan Swindon Town F.C. Steve Coppell IFK G__teborg R.S.C. Anderlecht December 2004 in sports Football World Cup 2002 Singapore national football team Tranmere Rovers F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Ronaldo New York Giants Bobby Charlton FC Rostov Troms__ I.L. Football World Cup 1990 Paul Ince Football in the United Kingdom West Bromwich Albion F.C. Singapore Australia national football team Steve McManaman Manchester United 1986-1999 FA Premier League 1995-96 Leicester City F.C. Rugby union Cork City F.C. Graeme Souness Futebol Clube do Porto Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Brazil national football team Football World Cup 1966 Michael Owen FA Premier League 2004-05 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Ruud van Nistelrooy Melbourne Cricket Ground Bundesliga (football) Coventry City F.C. Australian rules football September 2005 in sports Gianluca Vialli New England Patriots Billy Bremner Hyde United F.C. Fandi Ahmad Maccabi Haifa F.C. Dundee United F.C. Denmark national football team 