landycakes is any body impressed by the great landycakes who has upped his game recently he is playing noticabally better and i can only hope landycakes brings his a game when the us travel to the azteca to play a friendly against a mexican team that they have dominated lately landon definitely has stepped up since becks arrived he scored a lot of goals in the gold cup but they were all penalties so that doesn't really count in my book but a win in the azteca would be nice regardless of who steps up and gets it done it'll be interesting to see which players come over from european leagues Major League Soccer 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Rugby union Ice hockey Football World Cup 1986 Football World Cup 1970 Norway national football team Football (soccer) IFK G__teborg Bundesliga (football) Germany national football team FA Cup Estadio Azteca UEFA Champions League Rugby league England national football team League Cup TV Azteca Boston Bruins Crystal Palace F.C. History of rugby league Alex Ferguson Everton F.C. Paul Ince Aston Villa F.C. Penalty shootout (football) American football Cork City F.C. Arsenal F.C. Australian rules football Torquay United F.C. Dennis Bergkamp Michael Owen Andriy Shevchenko Frank Lampard Bryan Robson Aztec Chelsea F.C. The Football League David Cooper (footballer) Volleyball Troms__ I.L. Viv Anderson Field hockey Wayne Gretzky Stanley Cup Rangers F.C. History of rugby union New York Giants Springfield Indians New York Rangers Wrexham A.F.C. Jack Charlton Rugby football Contract bridge Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Table tennis English cricket team Teddy Sheringham R.S.C. Anderlecht Ronaldo Graeme Souness Football World Cup 1990 David Vernon Watson Pel__ International League Los Angeles Kings Pittsburgh Steelers Peter Shilton Lacrosse Toronto Maple Leafs Kansas City Chiefs DaMarcus Beasley Penalty (ice hockey) National Football League Blackburn Rovers F.C. Manchester United F.C. Coventry City F.C. Maccabi Haifa F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Brazil national football team Alan Shearer Billy Bremner Real Madrid Winnipeg Jets Peter Forsberg Terry McDermott Landon Donovan Bobby Charlton West Bromwich Albion F.C. Glossary of American football Leicester City F.C. Dundee United F.C. John Aldridge Raith Rovers F.C. 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Football World Cup 