all who hate becks look at his accomplishments scored from the halfline did something c ronldo was not able to do win the treble do u inter milan fans remember getting whooped outta the champions league haha and if he was so overrated even the most genius of all marketing would not be able to work it's magic fabio capello said he made a mistake when he benched him and said he was one of the best players he ever coached lolz soon mcclaren did the same thing if his coachescan make that mistake what about u silly fans even the most genius of marketing would not be able to carry a dud for years yep david's got game the reason people don't think he's good is because he's not like ronaldinho he doesn't show off with fancy moves and juggling he knows how to get the job done without being a show off he understands the game and knows how to use his team mates other players play for the camera for the fans but beckam is different he plays for his team for the the win UEFA Champions League David Beckham St. Louis Rams Marco van Basten Indiana Pacers Pittsburgh Steelers Ronaldo Los Angeles Clippers New York Knicks Carolina Panthers Everton F.C. Middlesbrough F.C. Leeds United F.C. NBA Finals Buffalo Bills Alex Ferguson Celtic F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Chicago Bulls West Ham United F.C. Detroit Red Wings 1957 World Series Steve McManaman New York Rangers Luis Figo New York Giants National Hockey League All-Star Game Baseball Juventus F.C. Boston Bruins Real Madrid Kansas City Chiefs Internazionale Aston Villa F.C. Minnesota Vikings New York Jets Ty Cobb Houston Rockets All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Michael Owen Tottenham Hotspur F.C. FA Cup Alessandro Del Piero FA Premier League 2003-04 Reggie Jackson National Basketball Association David Cooper (footballer) Kevin Keegan Manchester United F.C. Tris Speaker Stanley Cup American football Deco Major League Soccer Super Bowl XXVII Essendon Football Club Dick Williams Bundesliga (football) Cleveland Browns Babe Ruth Canterbury Bulldogs Baltimore Ravens 2005 NBA Finals Yao Ming Ra__l Gonz__lez Montreal Canadiens The Football League Frank Rijkaard Manchester United 1986-1999 Roberto Baggio Boston Red Sox Denver Nuggets Hern__n Crespo Paul Ince Newcastle United F.C. Rangers F.C. Michael Jordan National Hockey League Ronaldinho New England Patriots Steve Coppell Larry Bird Antonio Cassano West Bromwich Albion F.C. Detroit Pistons IFK G__teborg Primera Divisi__n Argentina Hartford Whalers Jari Litmanen Rugby league Jock Stein FC Rostov Miami Dolphins Jos__ Ra__l Capablanca Nottingham Forest F.C. FC Barcelona Brazil national football team Super Bowl Table tennis 