ok kaka vs c ronaldo who's gonna win ok if it's kaka vs cristiano ronaldo who do u think would win the football game who would win in a fight who would get the hot girl or just say who's cuter yes boys answer number too ok best answer gets points have fun lol wow great answers every it's gonna b tough deciding the best answer tho even more so bcuz i love both ronaldo and kaka hmmmm this is gonna b tough d thanks answering by the way kaka he is the backbone of ac milan whereas ronaldo is one of many stars on man u plus ronaldo is a winger kaka is a center midfielder with lots of freedom and anyone who watched the champions cup can easily say who played better in the semifinals kaka you see how ronaldo goes down anytime hes touched ronaldo in all honesty every girl i know loves him Cristiano Ronaldo Ronaldo Portugal national football team Alex Ferguson Norway national football team Real Madrid Steve McManaman Manchester United 1999-present Kak__ Internazionale Football World Cup 2002 2004 European Football Championship Football World Cup Hitomi Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Football (soccer) positions UEFA Champions League Park Ji-Sung Newcastle United F.C. Winger (sport) Roberto Baggio Luis Figo Aston Villa F.C. Rugby union Brazil national football team Football World Cup 1990 Italy national football team Ronaldinho Clube Atl__tico Mineiro FC Barcelona Manchester United F.C. Playoff Football (soccer) Everton F.C. PSV Eindhoven Football culture Sport Club Internacional Los Angeles Kings Leeds United F.C. Torino F.C. Ra__l Gonz__lez Boston Bruins The Football League Ipswich Town F.C. Santa Cruz Futebol Clube R.S.C. Anderlecht Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Australian rules football FA Premier League 1995-96 FIFA World Player of the Year Cruzeiro Esporte Clube 2003-04 in English football The Championships, Wimbledon Chelsea F.C. Football World Cup 1970 Football World Cup 1998 Geoff Hurst Super Bowl XXXVIII Shawn Michaels Philip Cocu Hip hop collaborations Cyndi Lauper England national football team DaMarcus Beasley Billy Bremner Boy Meets World Hern__n Crespo FA Premier League 1992-93 FA Premier League 2003-04 Bundesliga (football) Cafu 2004-05 in English football Formation (football) True Crime: Streets of LA Rangers F.C. FA Premier League 1997-98 Andriy Shevchenko Football World Cup 1962 Alessandro Nesta FA Cup Arthur Numan Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Dinamo Zagreb Eric Cantona Marcel Desailly Deco F.C. United of Manchester Igor Bi____an Norman Hunter Jeopardy! The Emancipation of Mimi Tic-Tac-Dough Guus Hiddink Christian Vieri Game show Paolo Maldini World Chess Championship Jennifer Lopez Stanley Cup 