does malta have amatuer football i know malta has professional leagues but does it have an amatuer football system for players to enjoy playing are you talking about nurseries in that case yes it has Football (soccer) American football Rugby league National Football League The Football League Football in England Hastings United FC English football league system Canadian football Indoor football Football in Sweden Rugby football Professional sports J. League American Football League Playoff Turkish Football Federation Australian Football League United States Football League Australian rules football Football Canadian Football League Swansea City A.F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Relegation Malta Major League Soccer Hank Stram Rugby union Kenny Dalglish Arena football Gaelic football Western Australian Football League S.League Sport Wimbledon F.C. Stanley Matthews Kansas City Chiefs Jari Litmanen Cambridge United F.C. Football League of Ireland Wrexham A.F.C. Queen's Park F.C. Comparison of Canadian and American football Draft (sports) Japanese baseball San Diego Chargers Minor league baseball Scottish Junior Football Association Pel__ Doug Flutie Jack Charlton Rugby league in England Glossary of American football Women's football (soccer) Iran's Premier Football League University of Miami Southern Football League Torquay United F.C. Stockport County F.C. College basketball Primera Divisi__n Argentina Newcastle United F.C. Major League Baseball Minor league John Elway Official (American football) University of Houston History of rugby union National Football League Players' Association History of rugby league Baseball Portuguese football competitions Sudden death Denis Law Paul Hornung UEFA Champions League London Rugby league in Australia Fulham F.C. Paul Ince Swindon Town F.C. Norwegian football cup FA Premier League Bosman ruling Bundesliga (football) AFL-NFL Merger United States men's national soccer team Professional American football championship games FA Cup Liechtenstein national football team Wayne Rooney George Blanda Jack Kemp Wahoo McDaniel Amateurism Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Sports in Puerto Rico Ian Wright Cincinnati Bengals 