hypothetically speaking 'what would you do in this scenario ' here's yet another of my hypothetical questions imagine this scenario fifa made a law that all clubs had to have a set amount of match day stewards and if they didn't comply to the rules the consequence would mean your club would face expulsion from the league unfortunately you find your club were finding it difficult to recruit enough stewards job description the job was well paid for your services but it meant standing with your back to the on going match and you had to keep an eye on the crowd at all times obviously meaning you cannot watch the match the question is simply would you take the job on for the good and survival of the club or would you sit back praying for an eleventh hour candidate to take the job thanks for the kind wishes chelsea shrimper much appreciated same goes for your boys too hiya damio damn i knew there was a flaw in the question some where you obviously have never been to blackpools sided ground i dream of the day we get the other stands built let alone having a big screen installed yes i would take the job btw congrats on your result at the weekend i hope blackpool continue to do well FA Cup Torquay United F.C. National Football League Newcastle United F.C. Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Alex Ferguson Troms__ I.L. Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Shaggy dog story Football (soccer) Plame affair Sydney Riot of 1879 Huddersfield Giants Chelsea F.C. Bryan Robson The End of the World (Doctor Who) Goodness and value theory Blackpool F.C. Poker jargon Blackburn Rovers F.C. West Side Highway Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Crystal Palace F.C. Humphrey Bogart Essendon Football Club Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an History of Test cricket (to 1883) History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) Norway national football team Minimum wage 2004-05 in English football Volleyball Denis Law Portsmouth F.C. 1731 English cricket season Mojave people West Bromwich Albion F.C. Professional wrestling slang FIFA Series Blackpool Social rule Olympic Stadium, Berlin Jack Charlton Paintball G-Man (Half-Life) Laws of cricket Rugby football Entropy Celtic F.C. Tenshinhan Contract Theory of conduct FA Premier League 2004-05 Subjunctive mood Western Australian Football League Fahrenheit 9/11 James Hanratty UEFA Champions League The Matrix Reloaded 2004 Republican National Convention Rugby union 2005 English cricket season South Australian National Football League Jos__ Mourinho West Ham United F.C. One Tree Hill (TV series) British National Party Milton H. Erickson Exact solutions in general relativity Good Times Ibrox Stadium Haven (TNG episode) Melbourne Cricket Ground Hide and Q (TNG episode) Categorical imperative World Championship Wrestling Avenue Q History of Arsenal F.C. Blackburn Hawks The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Surveillance Notts County F.C. Alan Ball (footballer) History of rugby league Frank Lampard Ultimate (sport) The Ashes Jiddu Krishnamurti Table tennis Philosophy of language Football culture EastEnders Everton F.C. Son Goku (Dragon Ball) George Brown, Baron George-Brown Cork City F.C. Marching band Judicial functions of the House of Lords 