enough of david beckham he will not save the mls period i love football soccer but hes not enough to gain my own casual interest i bet most of those who attended today's revoulution game couldn't even name players on both teams beside mr beckham it's true not even my favorite team in manchester united could save mls soccer hasn't bin on the usa national radar since you have to pay for most europe south american games i've talked to people overseas about beckham most think he's washed up and overrated at best sorry posh and beckham have fun while your spotlight is overtaken by american football i agree with you one million per cent i have said that as soon as i heard about the sorry a deal because i know him from watching the european league and nothing special about him as a matter of fact he did very bad in world cup and was removed from the english national team and he came to the u s to retires just another paris hilton bad investment David Beckham Football (soccer) Major League Soccer England national football team Manchester United F.C. Football World Cup FA Premier League United States men's national soccer team Football culture Major professional sports league FIFA Series Norway national football team Bobby Charlton Spice Girls Real Madrid Steve McManaman Newcastle United F.C. The Football League National Football League Alex Ferguson Football Football chant Football in the United Kingdom Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup Rugby union FA Cup Sports betting FA Premier League 1995-96 Sven-G__ran Eriksson Arsenal F.C. Leeds United F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 D.C. United Eddie Pope Chelsea F.C. Major League Soccer All-Star Game American football Football in England April 2005 in sports Michael Owen Sport in Ireland National Hockey League Freddy Adu 2004-05 NHL lockout F.C. United of Manchester Lamar Hunt Alan Shearer Frankie Hejduk Women's football (soccer) Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium Rugby football FIFA Hand of God goal Rugby league in England Brazil national football team Penalty shootout (football) Indoor football American Football League 2004-05 in English football Denis Law Sport in the United Kingdom Eric Wynalda Rugby league San Jose Earthquakes Wayne Rooney History of rugby union UEFA Champions League FA Premier League 1992-93 Bundesliga (football) Tony Adams (footballer) Sky Sports Notts County F.C. Canadian Soccer Association Football World Cup 1994 C.D. Chivas USA Torquay United F.C. FA Premier League 2003-04 United States women's national soccer team Bob Gansler Ben Olsen Professional sports Teddy Sheringham Victoria Beckham Stockport County F.C. Paul Caligiuri Australia national football team Everton F.C. May 2005 in sports 2002-03 in English football Nintendo Pro Evolution Soccer Peter Vermes Coventry City F.C. Rangers F.C. Kevin Keegan 