name your team power vs style based on an adidas commercial some time back predator vs f can you name squads of one is power packed has strong teamwork and never give up the other is stylish individual brilliance and inspire team mates you need not include only adidas sponsored players meaning ronaldinho can be drafted in and try and give a team based or a formation style xi every team needs a hero goalkeeper i casilas defenders r ferdinand d agger a nesta midfielders f totti ronaldinho l messi a robben c ronaldo strikers t henry robinho captain ronaldinho power xi every hero needs a team goalkeeper cech defenders j terry j carragher c puyol midfielders s gerrard m essien j mascherano l figo kaka strikers w rooney r van nistelrooy captain s gerrard players with a means they can qualify for both sides having both power and skills so make your own team now after that let us know which side you prefer and why style xi every team needs a hero goalkeeper p robinson defenders a cole r ferdinand a nesta midfielders j cole kaka ronaldinho a robben c ronaldo strikers t henry w rooney captain kaka power xi every hero needs a team goalkeeper p cech defenders j terry f cannavaro cafu midfielders c makelele m essien j mascherano m sissoko p viera strikers l toni m owen captain cafu the best of both worlds that i can think of Football (soccer) positions England national football team Alex Ferguson Leeds United F.C. Chelsea F.C. Defender (football) Midfielder Striker Newcastle United F.C. Bryan Robson Real Madrid Cafu FIFA World Player of the Year Steven Gerrard Aston Villa F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 Italy national football team Ronaldinho Steve McManaman Ronaldo FIFA 100 Coventry City F.C. David Beckham Ipswich Town F.C. Claudio Ranieri Frank Lampard Rangers F.C. Manchester United 1999-present 2004-05 in English football FC Barcelona Brazil national football team Michael Owen Paul Ince Jamie Carragher Teddy Sheringham F.C. United of Manchester Philip Cocu PSV Eindhoven Ra__l Gonz__lez Football (soccer) Martin Peters FIFA Series Ruud van Nistelrooy Formation (football) Nottingham Forest F.C. Luis Figo Bobby Charlton History of Arsenal F.C. Celtic F.C. Northern Ireland national football team Bayern Munich Football in Israel Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Kak__ Alessandro Nesta Graeme Souness Joe Cole (footballer) Lech Pozna__ West Ham United F.C. Liverpool F.C. Ajax Amsterdam Jos__ Mourinho Gordon Banks 2003-04 in English football Blackburn Rovers F.C. Germany national football team Pittsburgh Steelers Norman Hunter Cristiano Ronaldo Water polo FA Premier League 1992-93 Everton F.C. Geoff Hurst Iran national football team West Bromwich Albion F.C. Manchester United F.C. Alan Smith Denmark national football team Goalkeeper David Vernon Watson John Terry Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Maccabi Haifa F.C. Jack Charlton Deco David Platt Claude Mak__l__l__ FA Premier League 2003-04 Motherwell F.C. FA Cup 2000s Ali Daei 