soccer number systum my coach today introduced the soccer number systum i no left forward iz right forward is and goalie is i need links plzz goalkeepers generally wore the number shirt this convention has become almost universal defenders generally wore numbers between and midfielders most commonly wore numbers and and were typically used for the left and right wings respectively strikers wore and and less commonly and i dont think numbers matter in soccer anymore anybody can have any number they want unless its taken Football (soccer) Football (soccer) positions Goalkeeper Defender (football) Lacrosse Midfielder Ice hockey Formation (football) Water polo Leeds United F.C. Striker Aston Villa F.C. Football in Israel Rugby union positions Goaltender F.C. United of Manchester Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Floorball David Beckham Bryan Robson Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Winger (sport) Bobby Charlton Ipswich Town F.C. American football College soccer Los Angeles Kings Indoor soccer Sport Club Corinthians Paulista England v Hungary (1953) Norman Hunter Adelaide United FC Fullback Alan Ball (footballer) Blitzball 2004-05 in English football Super Mario Strikers Basketball Manual transmission Norway national football team Perth Glory Maccabi Haifa F.C. Montreal Canadiens Bayern Munich Shogi Germany national football team Paul Madeley Detroit Red Wings Ajax Amsterdam Everton F.C. Tony Meola Softball Rangers F.C. Sport Club Internacional C__sar Luis Menotti Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Limerick F.C. Lech Pozna__ Australian rules football FC Rostov Field hockey Shirt Table football Skinhead Aberdeen F.C. Penalty kick (football) Major Indoor Soccer League Chicago Blackhawks Paul Ince Peter Vermes Alex Ferguson Coventry City F.C. Brazil national football team Mario FA Premier League 1992-93 May 2005 in sports National Hockey League All-Star Game San Jose Sharks West Bromwich Albion F.C. Jos__ Mourinho Jack Charlton Newcastle United Jets Hugo S__nchez 1992-93 NHL season Soccer AM Billy Bremner Adidas United States Air Force Social aspects of clothing Thierry Henry Scotland national rugby union team Cannon shogi FA Premier League 1993-94 Dinamo Zagreb Glossary of American football United States Marine Corps Penalty shootout (football) Eddie Gaven Figure skating 