who is fk zeta and what is their problem http sports yahoo com sow news ylt akq jgmqphhwhvbj hzlpwmw yf slug ap rangers beasley prov ap type lgns i'm so glad beasley scored for rangers and beat these jerks this is a really good guy and i hope he goes far babyboy great answer agreed i won't judge your country by the actions of a few i'm ashamed to say we were country but now we are seperated zeta is from montenegro well again ashamed but it's like that in serbia also partizan is just punished of uefa by year not playing in europe cause of fight of fans of their and red star my fav club is going to face rangers in rd qf for cl and don't judge by fans on our country people who goes on games are usualy hooligans just don't make any judges every country have them peace lol Hooliganism Newcastle United F.C. September 2004 in sports November 2004 in sports New York Rangers UEFA Champions League September 2005 in sports Serbia and Montenegro August 2005 in sports Troms__ I.L. Queens Park Rangers F.C. Andr__s Galarraga DaMarcus Beasley Red Star Belgrade UEFA Alex Rodriguez Maurice Richard February 2005 in sports R.S.C. Anderlecht Alex Ferguson Houston Astros Serbia Boston Bruins Dundee United F.C. Football (soccer) Football culture IFK G__teborg Rangers F.C. Chelsea F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. April 2005 in sports June 2005 in sports Cleveland Indians 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup FA Cup FC Rostov Football firm October 2005 in sports FC Artmedia Bratislava Stanley Cup National Hockey League rivalries Sammy Sosa Violence in sports Boxing Bundesliga (football) Celtic F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Major League Baseball television contracts Nottingham Forest F.C. Toronto Maple Leafs Pete Rose Norway national football team Football World Cup UEFA Cup Detroit Red Wings Gundam Galatasaray Leeds United F.C. December 2004 in sports July 2005 in sports Belgrade Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Eurobasket 2005 Michael Owen Power Rangers Enlargement of the European Union Montreal Canadiens Major League Soccer Seattle Mariners 2005-06 in Scottish football Los Angeles Kings Tris Speaker Monica Seles Texas Rangers (baseball) Yugoslavia Podgorica March 2005 in sports Coventry City F.C. Kevin Keegan David Cooper (footballer) UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Mario Lemieux National Hockey League All-Star Game Montenegro New York Americans Manchester United F.C. Babe Ruth Reggie Jackson Game show Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Power Rangers: Dino Thunder Football World Cup 2006 (qualification UEFA) Basketball Current teachings of Prem Rawat Manny Ram__rez British Home Championship League Cup 