do you know any player from dinamo zagreb bayern is offering millions for luka modric that's more than eduardo and corluka man city were sold and juventus is interested for tadic did you know anything about dinamo zagreb before eduardo signed for arsenal i know about dinamo zagreb because i like niko kranjcar i follow croatia in the euro qualifiers i recorded a few of the croatia games on my dvr it looks like they're going to lose some of their best players but they're going to get a lot of money in the process i hope they get some new young talent really soon plus one of my friends is from croatia we were just now talking about all the money they're getting because of these transfers plus dinamo zagreb is playing against werder bremen in the third qualifying round of champions league he likes both teams because he lived in croatia for years moved to germany and played in a bremen youth team for three years before his family moved to the us in so we're both interested in seeing who will win between dinamo and bremen Dinamo Zagreb Werder Bremen Croatia national football team Newcastle United F.C. Bundesliga (football) September 2004 in sports Miroslav Bla__evi__ October 2004 in sports November 2004 in sports December 2004 in sports February 2005 in sports UEFA Champions League August 2005 in sports September 2005 in sports Andriy Shevchenko David Beckham August 2004 in sports Manchester United F.C. Leeds United F.C. Everton F.C. FC Dynamo Kyiv Aston Villa F.C. Norway national football team Rangers F.C. Chelsea F.C. Michael Owen Dynamo Moscow England national football team Real Madrid Troms__ I.L. Nottingham Forest F.C. Igor Bi____an Football World Cup July 2004 in sports Germany national football team West Bromwich Albion F.C. FA Cup Manchester United 1986-1999 Adrian Mutu National Football League Rugby league in Russia The Football League American Football League Sre__ko Katanec Gianluca Vialli Otto Rehhagel Sports betting Ali Daei Tottenham Hotspur F.C. New York Knicks History of Arsenal F.C. Paul Ince 2005-06 in English football 2001-02 in English football Frank Lampard Juventus F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Dennis Bergkamp Michael Ballack FC Rostov Raith Rovers F.C. Mario Lemieux Music of Croatia Denis Law October 2005 in sports FC Barcelona History of modern Croatia Goran Ivani__evi__ Yugoslavia national football team New Jersey Nets Zagreb Playoff Current sports events John Aldridge PGA European Tour Steve McManaman Portugal national football team Croatia at the 2004 Summer Olympics Euroleague Football World Cup 2006 (qualification UEFA) Roger Federer Futebol Clube do Porto Minor league baseball Portsmouth F.C. Mark Viduka Zin__dine Zidane Romania national rugby union team World Chess Championship Table tennis Alan Ball (footballer) Ukraine national football team 2004-05 in English football Oakland Athletics David Vernon Watson 