where can i get a list of all the games featured on sentanta sports this season also was wondering how long it takes for your viewing card to get delivered once you order sentanta sorry i don't have an answer for you but i would like to second your question i love premier league football and they seem to have excellent coverage of english and european football i tried their website and was unable to get a schedule any know how to get one National Football League The Football League FA Premier League Football (soccer) Monday Night Football American Football League Chelsea F.C. Manchester United F.C. David Beckham Bundesliga (football) Canadian Football League Wimbledon F.C. FA Cup UEFA Champions League Playoff Football in the United Kingdom Arena Football League FIFA Series Rugby league Football in England Sky Sports World Football League Sudden death Major League Baseball television contracts Rangers F.C. Leeds United F.C. Scottish Premier League Blackburn Rovers F.C. 2004-05 in English football EA Sports Brian Clough National Basketball Association Super League (Australia) Baseball NFL on television League Cup St. Louis Cardinals West Bromwich Albion F.C. Rugby union Joe Namath Northern Premier League Sports timeline New York Giants College football Aberdeen F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Arsenal F.C. World Series Kevin Keegan Tottenham Hotspur F.C. American football PGA European Tour Sport in the United Kingdom Game show Norwich City F.C. Arizona Cardinals FC Barcelona Sheffield United F.C. Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game MLB on FOX West Ham United F.C. AFC Wimbledon National League System May 2005 in sports Perth Glory Fox Soccer Channel Topps English football league system Atlanta Braves NFL Europe Major League Baseball Gaelic football Scottish Football League National Hockey League September 2004 in sports Chicago Cubs 1987 World Series Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles NFL on NBC Salary cap FA Premier League 2001-02 Queens Park Rangers F.C. Kenny Dalglish Everton F.C. Football records in England Jim Thorpe Frank Lampard Dundee United F.C. Football Conference Norwegian Premier League FA Premier League 1992-93 San Diego Padres FA Premier League 2003-04 Al Michaels Teddy Sheringham Arena football Ray Harford Major professional sports league Alan Hansen Sport 