Comparison of cardiac catheterization and Doppler echocardiography in the decision to operate in aortic and mitral valve disease 
 Clinical decisions utilizing either Doppler echocardiographic or cardiac catheterization data were compared in adult patients with isolated or combined aortic and mitral valve disease.
 A clinical decision to operate, not operate or remain uncertain was made by experienced cardiologists given either Doppler echocardiographic or cardiac catheterization data.
 A prospective evaluation was performed on 189 consecutive patients (mean age 67 years) with valvular heart disease who were being considered for surgical treatment on the basis of clinical information.
 All patients underwent cardiac catheterization and detailed Doppler echocardiographic examination.
 Three sets of two cardiologist decision makers who did not know patient identity were given clinical information in combination with either Doppler echocardiographic or cardiac catheterization data.
 The combination of Doppler echocardiographic and clinical data was considered inadequate for clinical decision making in 21% of patients with aortic and 5% of patients with mitral valve disease.
 The combination of cardiac catheterization and clinical data was considered inadequate in 2% of patients with aortic and 2% of patients with mitral valve disease.
 Among the remaining patients, the cardiologists using echocardiographic or angiographic data were in agreement on the decision to operate or not operate in 113 (76% overall).
 When the data were analyzed by specific valve lesion, decisions based on Doppler echocardiography or catheterization were in agreement in 92%, 90%, 83% and 69%, respectively, of patients with aortic regurgitation, mitral stenosis, aortic stenosis and mitral regurgitation.
 Differences in cardiac output determination, estimation of valvular regurgitation and information concerning coronary anatomy were the main reasons for different clinical management decisions.
 These results suggest that for most adult patients with aortic or mitral valve disease, alone or in combination, Doppler echocardiographic data enable the clinician to make the same decision reached with catheterization data.
