Ebstein's anomaly appearing in the neonate. A new surgical approach.
 Ebstein's anomaly appearing during the neonatal period carries a high mortality rate.
 These infants exhibit cyanosis, acidosis, and congestive heart failure.
 The pathophysiologic characteristics consist of severe tricuspid regurgitation and functional pulmonary atresia.
 As a result of the inability of the right ventricle to generate forward flow through the pulmonary arteries, these infants remain dependent on ductal patency.
 Since May 1988, five newborn infants with severe Ebstein's anomaly have been admitted for treatment at our institution.
 At initial examination, they weighed 3.6 +/- 1.8 kg and had a mean oxygen tension of 29.6 +/- 2.3 mm Hg and a mean pH of 7.20 +/- 0.05.
 Chest roentgenography demonstrated a mean cardiothoracic ratio of 0.81 +/- 0.02.
 As determined by echocardiography, the right atria were massively enlarged, severe tricuspid regurgitation was present in all patients, and the pulmonary valves were not opening.
 All infants were dependent on prostaglandin E1 and attempts to wean them from this drug were unsuccessful.
 Palliative treatment consisted of tricuspid closure with autologous pericardium and an aortopulmonary shunt of 4 mm polytetrafluoroethylene tubing.
 There were no operative or late deaths.
 At discharge, mean oxygen tension was 42.2 +/- 0.85 mm Hg and mean systemic oxygen saturation was 83.2% +/- 1.94%.
 Infants have grown satisfactorily during the follow-up period.
 Three infants have since returned for further surgical intervention.
 One infant, at 11 months of age, underwent a Glenn anastomosis for progressive oxygen desaturation.
 Two infants have returned, at ages 23 and 22 months, for Fontan procedures, which represent their definitive operative management.
 We believe this new procedure offers excellent palliative treatment for Ebstein's anomaly in critically ill neonates.
 Feasibility of later definitive correction is demonstrated by the good results obtained with the Fontan procedure in two infants.
