The pathogenesis of hypertension: black-white differences.
 In summary, for reasons that are not clear, some persons seem to be extremely good at retaining sodium on a high-sodium diet or poor at excreting sodium on a high-sodium intake.
 This is more frequent in Western hemisphere blacks than in whites in the West or in blacks in Africa.
 These geographic/ethnic differences in sodium handling ability may be related to environmental factors or, more likely, to inherited differences in the ability to conserve sodium based on the evolutionary principle of survival fo the fittest for the ability to conserve sodium.
 The frequency of this salt-conserving (thrifty) genotype in Western hemisphere blacks may have been further increased as a consequence of severe selection pressures for survival based on the ability to conserve sodium during the slavery period of history in the West.
 One characteristic of the blood pressure control systems of Western hemisphere blacks is suppression of plasma renin activity without suppression of aldosterone production.
 In addition there is greater nephrosclerosis in blacks than whites and a more rapid decline in creatinine clearance with age.
 When more sodium is ingested than the kidneys are able to handle (excrete), there is a (transient) slight positive sodium balance; as a result sodium, chloride, and water are retained, resulting in an expansion of plasma volume (Fig.
 7-3).
 The initial physiologic responses include (increased) secretion of atrial natriuretic peptides and the digitalis-like substance (natriuretic hormone), and inhibition of vasopressin and aldosterone secretion.
 The net effect is directly enhanced natriuresis and diuresis, and a reduction in plasma volume, with no significant effect on blood pressure.
 However, if there is a continuing tendency to sodium retention and volume expansion, the capacity of the aforementioned mechanisms to control plasma volume will be exceeded; then, the chronically elevated level of the digitalis-like substance will inhibit the sodium pumps in the arterial and venous smooth muscle cells and in the sympathetic neurons.
 The increased venous tone will help to reduce plasma volume directly by reducing central venous volume.
 Arterial tone will be increased by direct action of the digitalis-like substance on the arterial smooth muscle and, indirectly, via the hormone's action on the sympathetic neurons.
 Initially, of course, blood pressure will be maintained in the normal range (but will be labile) because of the compensating cardiovascular reflexes.
 Once the capacity of these reflexes to control blood pressure is exceeded, however, the blood pressure will begin to rise; this will induce a pressure natriuresis to help restore plasma volume to normal.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
