Preconditioning causes improved wall motion as well as smaller infarcts after transient coronary occlusion in rabbits.
 BACKGROUND.
 A brief coronary occlusion before a more prolonged occlusion results in less myocardial infarction than the longer occlusion alone.
 However, the effects of this preconditioning on recovery of systolic function after coronary occlusion have not been determined.
 METHODS AND RESULTS.
 Ultrasonic crystals implanted in rabbit myocardium measured segment length in the distribution of a branch of the left coronary artery that was fitted with a snare occluder.
 Rabbits were randomly allocated to either nonpreconditioned or preconditioned groups.
 Rabbits in the latter group underwent preconditioning with a 5-minute coronary occlusion followed by 10 minutes of reperfusion.
 Then the coronary artery was occluded for 20 minutes in all rabbits, after which it was allowed to reperfuse for 90 minutes.
 The hearts were then excised, and infarct size was measured by staining with triphenyltetrazolium chloride.
 During coronary occlusion, all hearts except one demonstrated either akinesis or paradoxical bulging.
 Five minutes after release of the 20-minute occlusion, active shortening had returned in the preconditioned rabbits and averaged 27.9 +/- 16.6% of baseline shortening.
 At the same time, paradoxical lengthening persisted in nonpreconditioned rabbits (-15.5 +/- 19.8% of baseline).
 By the end of the 90-minute reperfusion period, segment shortening averaged 40.1 +/- 8.4% of baseline in preconditioned rabbits and only 6.2 +/- 12.0% in nonpreconditioned rabbits (p less than 0.05).
 Infarct size as a percentage of risk area was significantly smaller in preconditioned rabbits as well (3.0 +/- 1.6% versus 28.8 +/- 7.0%, p less than 0.002) and likely accounted for the improved shortening.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 We conclude that a brief coronary occlusion before a more prolonged occlusion results in not only reduced infarct size but also significantly better recovery of systolic function.
