Hypertension, cardiac disease, and compliance in minority patients.
 In minorities, as in the general population, hypertension is taken seriously because it is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
 Until recently, our understanding of the role that hypertension plays in the heart disease seen in minorities has been limited by a paucity of prospective data regarding the prevalence, natural history, and pathophysiology of the disease process in minority populations.
 In the last few years large-scale epidemiologic studies and well-controlled clinical studies alike have confirmed usually high rates of hypertension-related morbidity and mortality in minorities, particularly blacks and Hispanics.
 The severity of end-organ damage, both cardiac and renal, that is seen in these patients--especially when coupled with the severe cerebrovascular damage that is also more common in black and Hispanic hypertensives--mandate that more effective public health measures be taken to reduce the incidence of hypertension in these patient populations.
 Because hypertension is usually without significant clinical symptoms, noncompliance with drug therapy and high dropout rates are common in all patient populations.
 They are strikingly higher in inner-city populations, however, where illiteracy, poverty, homelessness, and high rates of chemical dependency combine to exacerbate an already serious problem in treating hypertensive patients.
 Inner-city patients are, increasingly, black and Hispanic patients, and these patients are more likely to be underinsured or uninsured, to be functionally illiterate in English, to be disinclined to seek health care, and to be less capable of following a prescribed regimen than the populace as a whole.
 The nature of the therapeutic regimen itself is probably the most important determinant of compliance, and compliance with drug therapy will be improved if the clinic chooses a simplified drug regimen and avoids drugs that produce intolerable side effects.
 Once-a-day--or, with transdermal clonidine, one-a-week--single-drug therapy may not be possible in all patients, but multiple drug therapy and multiple daily dosing schedules should be avoided wherever possible.
