Effect of high-dose methylprednisolone and U74006F on eicosanoid synthesis after subarachnoid hemorrhage in rats.
 Free radicals and lipid peroxidation of membrane fatty acids are thought to play a role in the pathogenesis of arterial vasospasm and the physiopathologic patterns of neuronal damage after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
 We have evaluated the effects of treatment with either high-dose methylprednisolone every 8 hours or a single dose of U74006F on the temporal profile of ex vivo synthesis of four selected eicosanoids in brain slices after experimental induction of subarachnoid hemorrhage in rats.
 Prostaglandins D2 and E2, prostacyclin and leukotriene C4 levels were determined by radioimmunoassay after 1-hour incubation of the brain slices.
 The synthesis of prostaglandin D2 and 6-ketoprostaglandin F1 alpha at 48 hours after subarachnoid hemorrhage was significantly higher when compared to sham-operated animals (p = 0.01); prostaglandin E2 release was significantly enhanced at 6 hours after subarachnoid hemorrhage (p = 0.01).
 The release of the lipoxygenase metabolite was significantly enhanced at 1, 6, and 48 hours after subarachnoid hemorrhage induction.
 Both treatment regimens significantly reduced the ex vivo synthesis of prostaglandin D2, prostaglandin E2, and leukotriene C4 at 1, 6, and 48 hours after subarachnoid hemorrhage, whereas the effects on 6-ketoprostaglandin F1 alpha synthesis differed in the two treatment groups.
 U74006F enhanced the synthesis of prostacyclin metabolite in the early phase after subarachnoid hemorrhage, and high-dose methylprednisolone reduced the increasing synthesis at 48 hours.
 A strict comparison between the two treatments was not possible because of the different modalities of administration.
 However, these data suggest that the antioxidant effect of single-dose treatment with U74006F influenced the early and delayed effects on enzymatic lipid peroxidation, whereas the effects of methylprednisolone administration every 8 hours were more significant in the delayed phase.
