does the cia exist may say it's not what you see in the movies what do you guys think they sure do and they are probably monitoring you right now since you asked this question since they have had the right to spy on us citizens looking for keywords that peak interest they also have telephones bugged and spy satilites that can see if your shoes are tied and how Kim Philby ECHELON KGB Plame affair Project MKULTRA National Security Agency Totally Spies! Live and Let Die Secretar__a de Inteligencia Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda Plame affair timeline Moonraker Privacy Married... with Children The Patriots Diplomacy Moe Berg Java programming language Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! SQL Mozilla Firefox Blackjack Men in Black (film) Unidentified flying object Remote viewing Surveillance I Spy Air Force One Aldrich Ames Covert listening device Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences C programming language Operation Mockingbird Espionage Spy Game Bush family conspiracy theory Deep Throat (Watergate) Watergate scandal 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Torture Hitler in popular culture Australian Secret Intelligence Service Conspiracy theories (a collection) Cuba Hearing impairment Lisp programming language Senate Report of Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq Identity theft Class (computer science) Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Anthony Blunt Joseph C. Wilson Search engine optimization Guy Burgess TSCM Citizens' band radio United States Department of State James Jesus Angleton 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Speaker of the British House of Commons Media bias in the United States Civil rights Telephone tapping The UN Security Council and the Iraq war Australian republicanism Bhutan James Bond SpongeBob SquarePants Nuclear warfare L. Paul Bremer God Emperor of Dune Vasili Mitrokhin Warren Commission W. Mark Felt Python programming language Public relations 2002 Golden Raspberry Awards Debugging Politics of Belarus Assassination Policing in the United Kingdom Whois Australian Security Intelligence Organisation Closed-circuit television 2003 North America blackout Looney Tunes: Back In Action Nick Berg conspiracy theories Spyware McCarthyism Richard Nixon Open programming language September 11 researchers Robert Novak Shabak E. Howard Hunt Iraq and weapons of mass destruction Special relationship 