what is best way to take away the bottle i have month old and i want to slowing take a way the bottle slowly start replacing the bottle with a sippy cup like if he has feedings during the day use the cup once to start out then after a couple days go up to using it twice then a couple days use it three times and so on Baby bottle Milk Siphon Norway national football team Faith No More Fertility awareness Breastfeeding Ravi Shastri 2004 Atlantic hurricane season Davis Cup Aston Villa F.C. Sake Alex Ferguson Louis Vuitton Indianapolis 500 Polyethylene terephthalate International League Bong Peter Shilton Hurricane Frances FA Premier League 1994-95 Coca-Cola Stanley Cup Playoff Fountain pen Hong Kong-style milk tea Bangladeshi cricket team in Sri Lanka in 2005-06 Nalgene Days of our Lives Hendrick Motorsports Intravenous therapy Champagne (beverage) Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II West Bromwich Albion F.C. Infant formula Hebrew calendar Planet of the Apes Plastic Bryan Robson Mineriad League Cup Provisioning (cruise ship) Ship naming and launching Red Hot Chili Peppers National Hockey League All-Star Game Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Ammonia Football World Cup 2002 Watford F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. NEXTEL Cup Dairy Manchester United 1986-1999 Nikita Koloff Crystal Palace F.C. Penske Racing Ernie Irvan Mario Kart 64 Football (soccer) Leicester City F.C. FA Premier League 2001-02 Caffeine Botulism Greg Sacks Ryder Cup FA Cup Sippie Wallace Ray Harford 2005 English cricket season Germany national football team Biathlon Lee Dixon PHP Carlos Bilardo Roush Racing Ben Johnson (athlete) Cork City F.C. Wheat beer Chummy Fleming Manchester United 1969-1986 Ipswich Town F.C. Message in a Bottle (Voyager episode) 2005 ICC Intercontinental Cup About a Boy Melbourne Cup Guinness Football World Cup 1986 2004-05 in English football Balboa (dance) WGC-World Cup Might and Power Leap second Wine making Sea-Monkey Fulham F.C. Metrication Domestic rabbit Tesla coil Common Unix Printing System 