A phase I study of high-dose ifosfamide and escalating doses of carboplatin with autologous bone marrow support.
 The dose-limiting toxicity in two separate phase I trials of the high-dose single agents ifosfamide and carboplatin was renal insufficiency at 18 g/m2 and hepatic and ototoxicity at 2,400 mg/m2, respectively.
 In this phase I study, 16 adults were treated with ifosfamide at 75% of the single-agent maximum-tolerated dose (MTD) (12 g/m2) and escalating doses of carboplatin (400 to 1,600 mg/m2) to determine the nonhematologic dose-limiting toxicity and the maximum-tolerated dose of the combination.
 Both drugs as well as mesna for uroprotection were given by continuous infusion over 4 days with an additional day of mesna (total dose per course, 15 g/m2).
 Autologous bone marrow support was stipulated for subsequent dose levels once granulocytes remained less than 500/microL for more than 14 days in two of three to five patients entered at a given dose level.
 Autologous bone marrow support was used at doses above the 400 mg/m2 carboplatin dose level.
 At the maximum-tolerated dose level of 1,600 mg/m2 of carboplatin, renal toxicity precluded further dose escalation.
 Of the five patients entered at this dose level, reversible creatinine elevation greater than 2 mg/dL (median peak, 2.6 mg/dL) was observed in three patients, and irreversible renal failure occurred in an additional patient (peak creatinine, 6.9 mg/dL.
 Transient gross hematuria appeared more common with the combination than with ifosfamide alone.
 Two patients developed severe somnolence and confusion associated with a rising creatinine.
 There were two complete (CRs) and four partial responses (PRs) in 14 heavily pretreated assessable patients (including four partial or complete responses in eight assessable patients with advanced refractory sarcoma, and one CR in two patients with germ cell carcinoma).
 Carboplatin and ifosfamide appear to have overlapping renal toxicity.
 Nevertheless, carboplatin and ifosfamide can be combined at 80% and 75% of the single-agent maximum-tolerated doses, respectively, with acceptable nonhematologic toxicity.
 Ifosfamide and carboplatin are an attractive core combination for further studies in the treatment of sarcoma, germ cell, ovarian, and lung carcinomas.
