whos now baseball ortiz vs wright who do you think is more now david ortiz or david wright ok plz stop voting david ortiz he has already proved himself with all those famous home runs and walk offs he is way more heard of i like david wright too but he is still rising in a couple years he will be a household name i am huge fans of ortiz and wright but i would say ortiz is more now David Ortiz 2004 World Series 2004 American League Championship Series Boston Red Sox Home run Solomon P. Ortiz Yankees-Red Sox Rivalry Manny Ram__rez Major League Baseball Baseball scorekeeping San Francisco Giants John Smoltz Jos__ Ortiz David Wright (baseball player) Dave Roberts Football chant Carlos Ortiz 2002 World Series Baseball Babe Ruth Pink Floyd Steven Wright Cincinnati Reds The Wall Age fabrication Barry Bonds October 31 in baseball October 2004 in sports Baseball Hall of Fame Sports in Puerto Rico Frank Lloyd Wright Sammy Sosa Carlos Baerga Major League Baseball All-Star Game Miguel Tejada Fielding L. Wright Toronto Blue Jays Gothic rock Atlanta Braves Lip Pike Comerica Park Pete Rose Who's your daddy? Theo Epstein Bill James Vin Scully October 18 in baseball Rickey Henderson Liverpool F.C. Satchel Paige Montr__al Expos MLB designated hitter statistics Wyatt Earp Sabermetrics Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide Pet Shop Boys Derek Jeter Red Sox Nation Lou Gehrig Mount Juliet, Tennessee Arsenal F.C. Jacques-Louis David The Supremes San Jose Giants October 26 in baseball Durham Bulls 100th United States Congress Rose (Doctor Who) 101st United States Congress Winky Wright Box score (baseball) Hernando de Soto (explorer) Twin Peaks Curse of the Bambino Ross Barnes Ninety-ninth United States Congress Ninety-eighth United States Congress St. Louis Cardinals Troy Glaus Spokane, Washington Shine On You Crazy Diamond Mike Schmidt Newcastle United F.C. A.J. Styles Hank Aaron U.S. presidential election, 1844 All-Star Futures Game Designated hitter 1957 World Series Clarence Thomas Detroit Tigers Batting order (baseball) MacArthur Foundation U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Torquay United F.C. Amy Rose The Division Bell 