any low cost alcohol rehabs in pomona new york i need to help a friend of mine find an alcohol rehab for her dad her mom's earnings won't be enough for them to be able to send her dad to an alcohol rehab with standard rates and her dad just got fired from his job i was wondering about what other alternatives are there for them it's really good that you're there trying to help your friend you can suggest that they ask for recommendations from a local hospital the staff there might know of rehabs that don't charge as much as others do you can also tell them to apply for a grant from the government the links below will help them out Kurt Cobain Divorce Intelligence quotient Tax Alcoholics Anonymous TLC Education in the People's Republic of China Microeconomics Grandview, U.S.A. Entertainment Software Rating Board Homer Simpson Student loan The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Unemployment One Tree Hill (TV series) Darryl Strawberry Brian Griffin Futurama (TV series - season 5) Friends Plame affair E85 Dad's Army The O.C. Wal-Mart The Fairly OddParents PvP Ben Johnson (athlete) Inflation Neil Gaiman United States Postal Service Kyle Broflovski Whitney Houston Health insurance Springfield Elementary School Treehouse of Horror V Taxation in the United States Education in the United States Monopoly Drug addiction Drug test Paracetamol Bill Cosby Hillary Rodham Clinton Social rule RoboCop 3 Michael Garibaldi James T. Aubrey, Jr. Spam (electronic) Meat Loaf Mr. and Mrs. Turner Value added tax Principal-agent problem Virgin Mobile Hypoglycemia EastEnders Homer vs. Dignity Minimum wage Restaurant Ol' Dirty Bastard Folic acid Fathers' rights Labor theory of value Economics Solar power satellite The Adventures of Pete & Pete AC/DC Alcoholic beverage Decompression sickness Eric Clapton Child support AJ McLean M60 machine gun The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Progressive tax The West Wing (television) Education in England Robert Downey Jr. Spaceward, Ho! Alcohol fuel Bart the Daredevil M16 (rifle) Rocko's Modern Life Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) Disinfection Fred Phelps Nirvana (band) Motion picture rating system George W. Bush military service controversy Jo Dee Messina Phoebe Buffay's songs Call centre Cartman Joins NAMBLA Bradley Nowell Spontaneous Combustion Recurring South Park characters Lifetime Movie Network Pomona College Tallulah Bankhead Transsexuality National Health Service 