can anyone name some economists and described what they do congressman ron paul who is an expert economist and is running for president he is a member of the congressional finance committee also they mostly try to figure how much money is needed to run the government and how much to spend and for what Ron Paul Russ Feingold Coalition Provisional Authority Politics of the United States United States House of Representatives USA PATRIOT Act Bob McEwen Congress of the United States FairTax Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Donald Rumsfeld Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 Vicente Fox Federal Reserve Keynesian economics Elections in the United States Libertarian Party (United States) Social Security (United States) Al Gore Bruce Bartlett U.S. House Committee on Appropriations Oil-for-Food Programme Pork barrel Tom DeLay Deficit Democratic Party (United States) Jacob Zuma Economy of Russia U.S. presidential election, 2008 Paul Wolfowitz Economy of the United States Sponsorship scandal Ron Dellums Paul Hackett Gross domestic product Alexander Hamilton New Deal U.S. House election, 2006 Commonwealth of Independent States Thomas R. Carper Herbert Hoover Employment Act Bernie Sanders Economic history of the United States Schabir Shaik Trial H. John Heinz III Politics of the People's Republic of China Mensal__o scandal Jean Schmidt Bill Richardson (politician) Monetarism Michael Badnarik Charles Haughey Federal government of the United States Watergate scandal Ben Cardin Chip Pickering History of the United States Constitution Federal Marriage Amendment Responsibility for the September 11, 2001 attacks 109th United States Congress U.S. House Committee on Ways and Means Politics of Canada Rick Renzi Behavioral finance Continental Congress U.S. public debt Alfred Webre Great Depression 2003 California recall Bowdoin College Voting rights in Washington, D.C. Territory of Hawaii Constitution of India Campaign finance reform Whig Party (United States) John Kerry Bob Dole Olympia Snowe US health reform under Carter Porter J. Goss Boris Yeltsin Deficit spending Blue Dog Democrats Read my lips: no new taxes History of the United States (1964-1980) UN Economic and Social Council Rhodes Scholarship John Negroponte Charles B. Rangel Tariff Speaker of the United States House of Representatives United States Department of the Treasury Tax Lauchlin Currie John Conyers Tom Brinkman Economy of the Soviet Union Communist Party of China 