mozart song that song the turkish march by mozart what symphony is it from mr knowitall is correct the last mvt to the a major sonata k is scalled rondo alla turca there are orchestral versions out there but mozart himself never orchestrated it i am sure the turkish march section of the th symphony is not what you're thinking of but it is in a similar vein as is the piece from the ruins of athens very nice reference please note mr redeemer the word rondo and the use of a koechel number to help identify this piece that it is a part of not its own piece a little research is a wonderful thing some of us here feel we should earn our two points Sonata (music) Turkish music (style) Sonata form Symphony Joseph Haydn Concerto Music of Turkey Time signature Anton Bruckner Classical music era Philip Glass Schubert compositions D number 505-998 Bassoon Fugue Clarinet Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart Dave Brubeck Gustav Mahler Sonata rondo form Piano Sonata No. 8 (Beethoven) Symphony No. 38 (Mozart) Program music Trombone Sinfonia Piano Sonata No. 16 (Mozart) Culture of Turkey Symphony No. 9 (Beethoven) Romantic music Beethoven's musical style and innovations Piano Concerto No. 23 (Mozart) Clarinet Concerto (Mozart) Grammy Awards of 1995 Felix Mendelssohn Edward Elgar Symphony No. 5 (Beethoven) European classical music String quartet Voice instrumental music Eine kleine Nachtmusik Grammy Awards of 1984 Symphony No. 6 (Beethoven) Violin concerto Symphony No. 8 (Beethoven) Franz Schubert History of sonata form Yo-Yo Ma Sergei Prokofiev Overture Tonality Double bass Igor Stravinsky Piano concerto Symphony No. 40 (Mozart) Sergei Rachmaninoff Charles Ives Postmodern music Variation (music) Witold Lutos__awski Ren__ Leibowitz Paul Hindemith Maurice Ravel Baroque music Timpani Musical works of Mozart Ludwig van Beethoven Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji Viola Camille Saint-Sa__ns Mozart effect Authentic performance Musical form Symphony No. 94 (Haydn) Max Reger Spot the Dog Johannes Brahms Krzysztof Penderecki Turkic peoples Piano Sonata No. 21 (Beethoven) Life and work of Ludwig van Beethoven Tempo Concert band Piano Concerto No. 20 (Mozart) Charles Wuorinen Daniel Barenboim 20th century classical music Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov Requiem (Mozart) Amadeus Serialism March (music) Nikolai Karlovich Medtner String Quartet No. 15 (Beethoven) Grammy Awards of 1981 Schubert compositions D number 1-504 Symphonie Fantastique Horn (instrument) Orchestra Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Opus number Jean Sibelius 