In vivo evidence of altered chloride but not potassium secretion in cystic fibrosis rectal mucosa.
 In cystic fibrosis, cyclic adenosine monophosphate-mediated chloride secretion is abnormal in respiratory, small intestinal, and rectal mucosa.
 Calcium-mediated chloride secretion is also aberrant in CF small intestinal mucosa in cystic fibrosis, in contrast to the respiratory epithelia, where it appears to be normal.
 To determine whether this disparity between calcium- and cyclic adenosine monophosphate-mediated chloride secretion exists in cystic fibrosis rectal mucosa in vivo, transrectal potential difference was measured in age-matched adult cystic fibrosis subjects (n = 8) and control subjects (n = 9) in response to 10-minute luminal perfusions of bethanechol (1 mmol/L) or theophylline (5 mmol/L).
 In response to bethanechol, an initial (1-minute) negative change in potential difference (-1.4 +/- 1.1 mV; mean +/- SEM) was seen in control subjects, in contrast to a positive change in mean potential difference (+2.5 +/- 1.0 mV) in cystic fibrosis subjects (control vs.
 cystic fibrosis, P less than 0.05).
 After 1 minute, mean potential differences changes in both control and cystic fibrosis subjects were positive.
 Theophylline perfusion resulted in a significant (P less than 0.01) difference in potential difference response between groups; at 10 minutes, the potential difference became more negative (-3.6 +/- 1.4 mV) in control subjects and more positive in cystic fibrosis subjects (+3.9 +/- 1.4 mV).
 To determine whether second messenger-mediated potassium secretion contributed to the observed potential difference changes in response to bethanechol and theophylline, studies were repeated in the presence of barium chloride, a known blocker of potassium conductance.
 In the control group, barium chloride significantly enhanced the theophylline-induced negative potential difference change (P less than 0.05) and reduced the positive potential difference change seen with bethanechol alone.
 In subjects with cystic fibrosis, barium chloride completely abolished the previously seen positive potential difference change in response to either bethanechol or theophylline alone.
 These in vivo studies suggest that there is active potassium secretion in both control and cystic fibrosis rectal mucosa in response to cyclic adenosine monophosphate- and calcium-dependent secretagogues and that the magnitude of the potential difference changes attributable to barium-inhibitable potassium secretion is the same in cystic fibrosis and control subjects.
 In contrast, it appears that in cystic fibrosis rectal mucosa in vivo, calcium- as well as cyclic adenosine monophosphate-dependent chloride secretion is aberrant.
