Effects of different angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors on ischemic isolated rat hearts: relationship between cardiac ACE inhibition and cardioprotection.
 We determined the relationship between cardiac angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition and anti-ischemic efficacy of several structurally different ACE inhibitors or their prodrug esters perfused through the isolated rat heart.
 Seven ACE inhibitors inhibited cardiac ACE to varying degrees due to differences in uptake during perfusion through nonischemic rat hearts.
 Zofenopril-sulfhydryl and fosinoprilic acid were the most effective of the free inhibitors.
 Among the prodrugs, zofenopril and S-benzoylcaptopril, hydrolyzed rapidly by cardiac esterase, were more effective than their component ACE-inhibitors, whereas fosinopril, ramipril and enalapril were poorly active.
 For studies in ischemic rat hearts, vehicle or drug treatment was initiated 10 min before a 25-min period of global ischemia and during a 30-min reperfusion period.
 Of five unesterified ACE inhibitors studied for anti-ischemic activity, only captopril and zofenopril-sulfhydryl were found to improve postischemic contractile function and reduce cell death in the isolated rat hearts.
 Fosinoprilic acid, ramiprilat and enalaprilat were not cardioprotective at high perfusion concentrations, despite the fact that nearly complete inhibition of cardiac ACE was achieved with all of the compounds studied.
 The S-benzoyl prodrugs of zofenopril-sulfhydryl and captopril were at least as potent as their component ACE inhibitors in reducing ischemic-reperfusion damage in the same model.
 Neither zofenopril nor captopril, however, had any effect on coronary flow before or after ischemia.
 Thus, it appears that the cardioprotective effects of zofenopril and captopril are independent of cardiac ACE inhibition or, at least, that ACE inhibition alone is not sufficient.
 Both captopril and zofenopril are sulfhydryl-containing compounds whereas the inactive compounds are not; and, thus, this group appears to be important in mediating their cardioprotective actions.
