Safety of simultaneous aortic reconstruction and renal transplantation.
 Patients with aortic disease and end-stage renal failure who require both aortic reconstruction and renal transplantation (simultaneously or staged) pose a formidable clinical challenge.
 Traditionally, the performance of either one of these procedures has been viewed as a relative contraindication to the performance of the other.
 From 1978 to 1989, eight patients were referred to us with the combination of aortic disease and end-stage renal failure.
 Seven had aneurysmal disease and one had aorto-iliac occlusive disease.
 Five patients presented with their diseases sequentially and had two sequential operations, with a mean interval of 4 years between procedures.
 Three patients presented with their diseases simultaneously and underwent simultaneous aortic reconstruction and living related renal transplantation.
 All patients were followed up for a mean interval of 4.5 years.
 By life-table analysis, the 5-year renal graft survival was 100%, the primary aortic graft patency was 82%, and the secondary aortic graft patency was 100%.
 The only death in this series occurred 11 years after aortic reconstruction and 4 months after a renal transplantation and was due to overwhelming cytomegalovirus sepsis.
 There were no significant differences between the simultaneous and staged groups in terms of operative mortality, postoperative complications, transplant function, or aortic graft patency.
 From this experience, we conclude that: (1) patients who present simultaneously with aortic disease and end-stage renal failure can safely undergo simultaneous aortic reconstruction and renal transplantation; (2) patients who present with these two diseases sequentially can undergo a second reconstructive procedure with very low operative morbidity and mortality rates; (3) when these two procedures have been performed sequentially, the second procedure has not significantly altered the 30-day or 5-year results of the first procedure; and (4) the 30-day and 5-year results of each procedure have been excellent regardless of the temporal sequence in which they were performed.
