Regional three-dimensional geometry and function of left ventricles with fibrous aneurysms. A cine-computed tomography study.
 BACKGROUND.
 To assess the extent and nature of the dysfunction surrounding aneurysms of the left ventricle (LV), we examined the parameters of local and global three-dimensional shape, size, and function of LVs of eight patients with histologically confirmed anterior fibrous aneurysms.
 METHODS AND RESULTS.
 Three-dimensional reconstructions of each LV were made from 10-12 short-axis fast cine-angiographic computed tomography (cine-CT) slices encompassing the entire heart at end diastole and end systole.
 Regional three-dimensional wall thickness, thickening, motion, curvature, and stress index were calculated for 84 elements encompassing the entire LV.
 The aneurysmal border was defined by a sharp decrease in end-diastolic wall thickness and separated the LV into an aneurysmal zone and a normal zone that was further divided into adjacent normal (AN) and remote normal (RN) zones.
 As expected, thickening was negligible in both the aneurysmal and the border zones.
 Although both the AN and the RN zones had normal wall thickness (1.05 +/- 0.20 and 1.09 +/- 0.20 cm, respectively), thickening was depressed in the AN (0.22 +/- 0.08 cm) but not the RN (0.44 +/- 0.19 cm) zones.
 The size of the dysfunction zone (defined as less than 2 mm thickening) was found to be considerably greater than the anatomic size of the aneurysm (60.9 +/- 13.7% versus 33.6 +/- 7.6% of the left ventricular endocardial area, respectively; p less than 0.001).
 In addition, the AN zone had a smaller curvature and a higher stress index than the RN zone.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 LVs with fibrous aneurysms are characterized by a relatively large region of nonfunction that encompasses the thin aneurysmal area and its transitional border zone, a normally functioning remote zone, and an intermediate region of normal wall thickness but with reduced function, which may be attributed to its low curvature and high stress index.
