Electrophysiologic effects of isoproterenol in patients with atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia treated with flecainide.
 The electrophysiologic effects of isoproterenol in patients treated with flecainide for atrioventricular (AV) reentrant tachycardia were studied to evaluate the mechanism of tachycardia inducibility after isoproterenol and the value of isoproterenol challenge as a predictor of spontaneous arrhythmia recurrence.
 Seventeen patients underwent electrophysiologic study before and after oral flecainide administration and after the addition of isoproterenol to flecainide.
 No patient had inducible sustained supraventricular tachycardia after flecainide alone.
 Two patients had inducible sustained and six had inducible nonsustained tachycardia after isoproterenol was added to flecainide.
 The patients were then followed up on the same flecainide dose they received at the time of the electrophysiologic study.
 Findings: 1) Flecainide treatment prolonged HV and VA intervals, and the addition of isoproterenol did not affect these variables.
 2) Isoproterenol shortened anterograde and retrograde block cycle length and the refractory period of the accessory pathway and the AV node.
 It also decreased the tachycardia cycle length, an effect that was due solely to shortening of AV node conduction time.
 3) Flecainide treatment prevented tachycardia induction by affecting retrograde conduction over the accessory pathway.
 Isoproterenol allowed for tachycardia induction and for more sustained episodes of tachycardia by reversing the effect of flecainide on retrograde accessory pathway conduction.
 4) Tachycardia recurred during follow-up in all three patients in whom tachycardia of greater than or equal to 10 s duration was induced after isoproterenol but in no patient who had no or shorter episodes of induced tachycardia (and who did not have a change in medical regimen).
 Conclusions: 1) Isoproterenol reverses flecainide-induced prolongation of block cycle length and refractory periods of the accessory pathway and AV node.
 2) Isoproterenol reverses flecainide-induced prevention of tachycardia induction through reversal of the effects of flecainide on the retrograde accessory pathway.
 3) The addition of isoproterenol during flecainide restudy is valuable in predicting long-term drug efficacy.
