Antigen-presenting activity of draining lymph node cells from mice painted with a contact allergen during ultraviolet carcinogenesis.
 The induction of skin cancers in mice by chronic UV irradiation is accompanied by a decrease in the numbers of Ia+ and Thy-1+ dendritic cells in the epidermis early in the course of UV irradiation.
 Subsequently, the number of Ia+ cells, but not Thy-1+ cells, increases until the time of tumor development.
 To assess the functional significance of these changes in cutaneous immune cells, and to help define the role these cells may play in immune surveillance against skin cancers, we tested the afferent immunologic capability of the skin during the development of UV-B radiation-induced skin cancers.
 Afferent immune function was measured by testing the Ag-presenting capacity of draining lymph node (DLN) cells from mice sensitized epicutaneously with dinitrofluorobenzene.
 A reduced contact hypersensitivity response was induced in mice immunized with DLN cells from UV-irradiated mice that had been sensitized with hapten on UV-irradiated skin.
 This decreased reactivity was present during the entire latent period of tumor development.
 However, in tumor-bearing mice, the DLN cells from UV-irradiated, sensitized animals exhibited normal Ag-presenting activity.
 DLN cells from UV-irradiated mice sensitized on ventral, unirradiated skin exhibited normal Ag-presenting activity.
 The lowest amount of Ag-presenting activity in the draining lymph nodes of UV-irradiated mice correlated temporally with the lowest number of Ia+, adenosine triphosphatase+ dendritic epidermal cells in the UV-irradiated skin.
 At least during the early part of the tumor latent period, an increase in the number of these cells was paralleled by an increase in the Ag-presenting activity of the DLN cells.
 In contrast, the number of Thy-1+ dendritic epidermal cells in UV-irradiated skin did not correlate with the Ag-presenting activity.
 Thus, the decrease in the number of identifiable epidermal Langerhans cells early in the course of chronic UV irradiation correlated with a decrease in Ag-presenting activity after sensitization through the UV-irradiated skin.
 These studies demonstrate that the afferent arm of the cutaneous immune response is impaired in the site of tumor development throughout the latent period of UV carcinogenesis.
