Examination of tetrachlorosalicylanilide (TCSA) photoallergy using in vitro photohapten-modified Langerhans cell-enriched epidermal cells.
 Lymphocytes from BALB/c mice photosensitized in vivo to tetrachlorosalicylanilide (TCSA) were investigated to determine whether they could be stimulated to proliferate when cultured with Langerhans cell-enriched cultured epidermal cells (LC-EC) photohapten-modified in vitro with TCSA + UVA radiation.
 Cultured LC-EC were photohapten-modified in vitro by irradiation in TCSA-containing medium using a 1000-watt solar simulator equipped with filters to deliver primarily UVA radiation (320-400 nm).
 Lymphocytes from TCSA-photosensitized mice were incubated with LC-EC that had been treated in vitro with 0.1 mM TCSA and 2 J/cm2 UVA radiation (TCSA + UVA).
 Responder lymphocytes demonstrated a significant increase in their blastogenesis response compared to lymphocytes that were incubated with LC-EC irradiated with UVA prior to treatment with TCSA (UVA/TCSA) or with LC-EC that had received no treatment.
 Lymphocytes from naive mice or mice photosensitized with musk ambrette (MA) demonstrated a significantly lower response to LC-EC modified with TCSA + UVA, indicating the specificity of the response.
 Maximum blastogenesis response was achieved when LC-EC were treated with 0.1 mM TCSA and a UVA radiation dose of at least 0.5 J/cm2.
 Epidermal cells depleted of LC by treatment with anti-Ia antibody plus complement or by an adherence procedure were unable to stimulate this blastogenesis response.
 Epidermal cells treated in vitro with TCSA + UVA demonstrated enhanced fluorescence compared to control cells.
 The fluorescence observed was not restricted to any specific epidermal cell type; however, fluorescence microscopy studies revealed that dendritic Ia-positive cells, presumably LC, were also TCSA fluorescent.
 Flow cytometry showed that Ia-positive epidermal cells demonstrated the greatest UV fluorescence when treated with TCSA + UVA compared to both cells irradiated with UVA and subsequently treated with TCSA and untreated cells.
 This is consistent with the enhanced antigen presentation capability of TCSA + UVA treated LC-EC, which leads to the conclusion that LC photohapten-modified in vitro with TCSA + UVA demonstrate enhanced TCSA fluorescence and are capable of stimulating lymphocytes from TCSA photosensitized mice in an antigen-specific manner.
