has sams era at newcastle failed already what good does it do newcastle keeping dyer i cant believe how out of order they were agreeing a fee then bumping it up if i were dyer i wouldn't want to play for them or give any effort at all and if i were a club i wouldnt want to deal with them i cant see how this has done them good new players would think twice about joining them and now with barton there struggling to attract some decent players me from http www babesandbet com bet over 's to kimi good for him newcastle totally screwed him over i hope he gets a move soon to a decent club because he is a great player i know dyer and when it happened he drove back to newcastle stormed into allardyce's office and told him that he will never play for newcastle again he swore on his sons kai and kaden's lives he said he doesn't even care if newcastle fine him or anything he wont play for them again and can you really blame him he was fed up a long time ago finally decided to leave and they agreed a fee then this happens that club is a sinking ship the tabloids call it a club in crisis and they don't know half of what goes on behind closed doors i hope they get relegated this season Newcastle United F.C. The Football League 2004-05 in English football Alex Ferguson Aston Villa F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Friends Leeds United F.C. Poker jargon Notts County F.C. Sheepshead Kieron Dyer Torquay United F.C. Draw poker Kodocha Sam Allardyce Crystal Palace F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Denis Law Kevin Keegan Newcastle Knights Portsmouth F.C. Peter Shilton Troms__ I.L. Ipswich Town F.C. Miss Saigon Sydney Riot of 1879 FA Premier League 2001-02 Paul Ince Lee Bowyer History of Arsenal F.C. Wimbledon F.C. Betting (poker) Son Goku (Dragon Ball) Hastings United FC Dulwich Hamlet F.C. New York Giants Boston Red Sox Chelsea F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Alan Shearer Salary cap Everton F.C. Wayne Rooney Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Millwall F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 Wars of Scottish Independence Charmed Swindon Town F.C. FA Cup Canterbury Bulldogs Sunderland A.F.C. The Death Gate Cycle Luton Town F.C. Paul Gascoigne Texas hold 'em Michael Owen John Sheridan (Babylon 5) Graeme Souness Major League Baseball television contracts Ron Weasley Everwood FA Premier League 1994-95 Plame affair timeline R.S.C. Anderlecht Jack Charlton Queens Park Rangers F.C. Real Madrid Craps February 2005 in sports Trailer Park Boys Jedi Exile First English Civil War Mick Channon FA Premier League 1993-94 Baseball UEFA Champions League Kimi R__ikk__nen RuneScape quests Wonderland (McFly album) Terry McDermott History of Formula One Manchester United F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Satchel Paige Our Friends in the North Too Short a Season (TNG episode) Bristol Rugby 2003 California recall Kasparov versus The World Piccolo Junior Saga Poker FA Premier League 1995-96 Rugby league Pitaten Tranmere Rovers F.C. Norwich City F.C. 