wayne rooney number whats with the change in shirt number what about all the fans who have number nine on their shirt and is no any better then btw i no numbers dont mean anything lolz but it just kinda annoying when they are changed lolz ok fine from to he wheres for england players still would have the wrong shirt number perhaps its the amount of red cards he will get this season number at manchester united is an historical number with great players such as denis law and ruud van nistelrooy having the number in years gone by also number in recent history signifies the ''main striker'' which wayne rooney is at manchester united also wayne rooney was given the number shirt just before the new shirt came out as to avoid the problem of people getting the wrong number on the shirt Wayne Rooney Manchester United F.C. Alan Smith Alex Ferguson Everton F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Striker Manchester United 1999-present Ole Gunnar Solskj__r Diego Forl__n The Football League David Beckham Torquay United F.C. Leeds United F.C. 2004-05 in English football FA Premier League 2004-05 Football (soccer) FIFA Series Paul Ince PSV Eindhoven FA Premier League England national football team Arsenal F.C. Gordon Strachan Denis Law Wayne Gretzky Nottingham Forest F.C. Ryan Giggs 2002-03 in English football Dwight Yorke Kevin Keegan FA Premier League 2002-03 Robbie Fowler Rugby union positions Ruud Gullit West Ham United F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Teddy Sheringham Manchester United 1945-1969 Sheffield United F.C. Mario Bryan Robson Gary Stevens PFA Young Player of the Year Huddersfield Town A.F.C. 2004 European Football Championship FA Premier League 2003-04 Norwich City F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Bristol City F.C. Tic-Tac-Dough Los Angeles Kings West Bromwich Albion F.C. FA Premier League 1994-95 Aston Villa F.C. Milan Baro__ Chelsea F.C. Dennis Bergkamp Pittsburgh Steelers Toronto Maple Leafs Coventry City F.C. AFC Wimbledon Norman Hunter FC Barcelona 60 Minutes Wrexham A.F.C. Gabriel Heinze Southampton F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Wayne State University Viv Anderson Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Hibernian F.C. Hamilton Academical F.C. FIFA 100 Football culture Manchester City F.C. Gianluca Vialli England national football team records FA Cup Norway national football team Manchester United 1969-1986 Benni McCarthy FA Premier League 2005-06 Stretford End Paul Madeley Ray Kennedy Cricket Forfar Athletic F.C. Joe Jordan (footballer) Poker jargon Boston Red Sox Boston Bruins FA Premier League 1995-96 Club Am__rica Roger Maris 