do u think stephen ireland will start for man city this weekend re fantasy football stephen ireland is a very talented young player however it is said that michael johnson will be the player to step up to fill the role of joey barton i think ireland given he has had more premiership experience than johnson 'should' get the start but others think differently this weekend i think the starting midfielders will be martin petrov elano johnson and fernandes ireland as first sub geovanni as second Leeds United F.C. England national football team Bryan Robson Midfielder Australian rules football Rugby union Leicester Tigers Aston Villa F.C. American football England national rugby union team National Football League FA Premier League 2004-05 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Northern Ireland national football team 1960s Leicester City F.C. Hurling Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Roy Keane Bobby Charlton Football (soccer) positions Cliftonville F.C. Coventry City F.C. FA Premier League 1995-96 New Jersey Nets Cork City F.C. Watford F.C. Newcastle United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Norway national football team Steve McManaman FA Premier League 1992-93 West Ham United F.C. Sport Club Internacional FA Premier League 1994-95 Dallas Cowboys Super Bowl XXVII Millwall F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. September 2005 in sports Tottenham Hotspur F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Bayern Munich Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Alex Ferguson New York Jets Everton F.C. Martin O'Neill (footballer) FA Premier League San Francisco 49ers Blackburn Rovers F.C. Norwich City F.C. Role-playing game Manchester United F.C. Ajax Amsterdam Ipswich Town F.C. Arthur Numan Gordon Strachan Ruud Gullit Fulham F.C. Frank Lampard FA Premier League 1993-94 Pittsburgh Steelers South Australian National Football League Swindon Town F.C. United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics Emile Heskey Seventy-second United States Congress Toronto Argonauts Gaelic football Darryl White Ladies' Gaelic football 100th United States Congress Paul Scholes Manchester United 1986-1999 Super Bowl XXIX Kieron Dyer Chelsea F.C. Cristiano Ronaldo Football in the United Kingdom Johnny Giles History of Arsenal F.C. David Platt Celtic F.C. Bristol Rugby Wayne Rooney Randy Johnson Leyton Orient F.C. New England Patriots Liverpool F.C. Luton Town F.C. Alan Smith Bristol City F.C. Portsmouth F.C. George Best Final Fantasy VI Real Madrid History of SNL:1980-1985 Super Bowl XXXI 