liverpool fotball club firm do liverpool fc have a firm like green street if so what are they called thanks yes it does mean like hooligans im not glorifying it i just wanted to know what they are called all answers so far are stupid why waiste your time if you cant help me if you dont know the answer then dont attempt it i believe they have a small firm called the urchins and jason a your a miss informed bitter prick Hooliganism Football firm Green Street Local derby Liverpool F.C. V__lerenga I.F. Fotball Hillsborough disaster FA Cup The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Atomic Kitten Football culture Skeid Fotball Heysel Stadium disaster Irony Liverpool Street station UEFA Champions League Everton F.C. Relative clause Liverpool and Manchester Railway James Hanratty Wirral Line John Aldridge Street fighting Liverpool Rangers F.C. FA Premier League Football (soccer) Ray Clemence FoxTrot Steve McManaman Blackburn Rovers F.C. Ultras Wall Street Violence in sports Alex Ferguson Montgomery Burns Newcastle United F.C. The Wildhearts Liverpool Lime Street railway station England national football team Dundee United F.C. Denis Law Eric Heffer Good Times Crystal Palace F.C. Warrington The King's Regiment (Liverpool) Manchester United F.C. Tranmere Rovers F.C. Kenny Dalglish Big Brother UK series 6 Aston Villa F.C. Phil Neal Steve Coppell Ronnie Whelan Scott Raynor Football in the United Kingdom Network Rail Phil Thompson Southport Edmonton, London Investigations since the Fiji coup of 2000 Alan Hansen Stupid Girl Ren and Stimpy The Wack Pack British Rail Class 317 Meccano Randy Jackson (musician) The Power of Nightmares Green Day Brian Jacques RuneScape Mini-Games Ken Jennings AC Sparta Praha CPU cache Ray Houghton Tommy Smith Watford F.C. Jonny Wilkinson Hobgoblin (comics) Rugby union Green Goblin Williamson's tunnels Catechism Steve Nicol Risk management The Joker's Wild Ipswich Town F.C. Labour economics Little Shop of Horrors Jason McAteer Eurotrip Sami Hyypi__ Supply and demand Kimberly-Clark Corporation Chelsea F.C. Singlish One Tree Hill (TV series) Liverpool Central station 