craig gordon signs for sunderland million rising to million on performances etc it's a lot of money but this is the boost we have been looking for if we could get mido and maybe a couple more i'll be more than happy not really a question just an outburst of happiness ha ha kev e i love you too but don't tell my jambo boyfriend he is gutted definitely true just been on sky sports signed and sealed hey kev if only i had points to give out ha ha thank you for the laugh http www skysports com story html have a rest kev take it easy must be a sell out on saturday now if it wasn't going to be before even if it is on sky not a novel yet but definitely the first couple of chapters you did however make it a horror story by mentioning tore andre flo or should that be comedy i love you i'm a sunderland fan too your name is the best haway the lads naill quinn's disco pants are the best is it true we've signed craig gordon i didn't know hehehe never mind your boyfriend yours is the best question i've ever seen on ya i'd give ya stars but i only got for ya let's hope he's better value for money than tore andre flo haha hope we get some more before tottenham match this is the craziest way i've ever found out we've signed a player glad i gave you a laugh i'm worn out now writing all this ok i'll have a lie down i think the men in white coats are knocking on the door now is it long enough to be classified as a novel yet xxxxxxxxxxx Tore Andr__ Flo Norway national football team Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Hey Jude Newcastle United F.C. Avril Lavigne Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In Chelsea F.C. EastEnders Rent (musical) Ron and Fez She Loves You Whose Line Is It Anyway? Jon Secada Chuck Palahniuk Knots Landing Major League Baseball television contracts The Star Wars Holiday Special Alex Ferguson Empire Burlesque West Bromwich Albion F.C. Coventry City F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Time Out of Mind Tears for Fears Kylie Minogue Daz Dillinger One Tree Hill (TV series) The Mary Tyler Moore Show David Beckham The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll I Want to Hold Your Hand Jennifer Lopez Rangers F.C. OutKast Los Angeles Clippers Wayne Gretzky Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an The Catcher in the Rye Social rule Episodes of Lost (Season 1) The Supremes Elton John The Basement Tapes Ty Cobb The Contender (television series) Little Britain Kodocha Unreleased Madonna songs Situation comedy Happy Tree Friends Professional wrestling slang Barbra Streisand Doctor Wily Married... with Children Days of our Lives The Drifters Shaggy dog story The Prisoner Undergrads Joker (comics) Quarashi The Football League Janet Jackson Joe DiMaggio Atlas Comics (1950s) Live 8 New York Giants Chicago White Sox History of As the World Turns (2000-present) The Isley Brothers Marilyn Monroe Ken Chu Kurt Cobain Pink Floyd RuneScape quests Andre Agassi Queen (band) Opie and Anthony Past characters (Neighbours) Steve Martin Sharon Tate Diana Ross Kimi Finster Ocean's Twelve Liverpool F.C. Alanis Morissette Aston Villa F.C. Delta Goodrem Max Martin Actor Jumpstart 3rd Grade Hilary Duff Recurring South Park characters David Letterman Highway 61 Revisited 