should leeds united be docked their points for league this season as a port vale fan i am glad to see a fellow team start with such a huge dis advantage however when we went into administration in we were docked no points because this rule did not exist i feel having such a rule in place damages the competitive nature of football and a salary cap or transfer embargo would be fair as they would have to prove that they can manage their finances with the squad they have if leeds have a team capable of going up after all the worries off the pitch then fair enough why should they suffer further it's a stupid rule which is just more likely to make clubs in trouble go to the wall altogether someone needs to sort it out it seems to be based on ideas of market forces rather than any aim to protect the interests of the game starting a side points down unless under really serious circumstances is just stupid going into administration is not cheating at the game is it if there's any club that should be docked points at the moment it is west ham because they actually did cheat last season West Ham United F.C. Alex Ferguson Newcastle United F.C. Rangers F.C. National Football League Salary cap Bryan Robson West Bromwich Albion F.C. The Football League Frank Lampard Manchester United F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Chelsea F.C. David O'Leary Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Norman Hunter Kevin Keegan Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Everton F.C. Softball Blackburn Rovers F.C. Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht FA Premier League 2002-03 Japanese baseball Harry Redknapp Billy Bremner Ipswich Town F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Leicester City F.C. Bundesliga (football) Jack Charlton Celtic F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 David Beckham Torquay United F.C. Playoff Paul Ince Teddy Sheringham Football culture FA Premier League 1993-94 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. New York Yankees Carolina Panthers Rugby union History of Arsenal F.C. Rugby league Baseball Football chant American football Coventry City F.C. Football records in England FA Premier League Football in the United Kingdom Cork City F.C. American Football League Charlton Athletic F.C. Alan Hansen Peter Shilton 2004-05 NHL lockout Manchester United 1986-1999 Swindon Town F.C. Leyton Orient F.C. A-League Alan Ball (footballer) Joe Jordan (footballer) Watford F.C. Arsenal F.C. San Diego Padres England national football team Farnborough Town F.C. Viv Anderson Millwall F.C. IFK G__teborg 2003-04 in English football Volleyball Real Madrid Graeme Souness Dundee United F.C. FA Premier League 2001-02 National Hockey League All-Star Game Pittsburgh Pirates Wrexham A.F.C. Perth Glory Martin Peters Terry Venables Queens Park Rangers F.C. 