are you looking forward to your local derby i'm a newcastle fan and am looking forward to the games against our red and white friends from the little village of sunderland before they unfortunately have to re enter the world of lower division football who's your derby against and what will be the score here's a very short clip of our last visit http www youtube com watch v c tnbmzcty as you may guess from my avatar name my team is blackpool we've waited so long for this our deadly rivals are preston knob end this season is going to be so memorable for little old blackpool i won't be too greedy so i will be happy with a win at bloomfield rd and a draw at dungdale our other local ish derby game is with 'the clampets' of burnley for this i predict a win at bloomfield rd and a defeat at turdmoor big sam will see you boys right i see you winning at st james park a comfortable followed by a bore draw over the water with a mass brawl and handbags with three dismissals you heard it here first good luck for the new season best wishes from the seaside FA Cup Torquay United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. The Football League FA Premier League West Bromwich Albion F.C. Notts County F.C. Football records in England Preston North End F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Alan Shearer FA Premier League 2001-02 2001-02 in English football Manchester City F.C. Blackpool F.C. Celtic F.C. Portsmouth F.C. New York Giants Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Arsenal F.C. Blackpool Bryan Robson New York Knicks History of Arsenal F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Everton F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. Sheffield United F.C. National Football League Lore Kevin Keegan Swindon Town F.C. Brian Clough Indiana Pacers West Indian cricket team 2004-05 in English football 1986 World Series Buffalo Bills Derby 2002-03 in English football 2003-04 in English football Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Leeds United F.C. Bobby Charlton Bowl Championship Series Huddersfield Giants National Football League Peter Shilton Cleveland Browns Liverpool F.C. NBA Finals Atlanta Braves International League Wimbledon F.C. England national football team San Francisco 49ers St. Louis Cardinals Fulham F.C. San Francisco Giants Queens Park Rangers F.C. New York Mets 2005 English cricket season Bristol City F.C. Norman Hunter UEFA Champions League Santa Cruz Futebol Clube 2005 World Series FA Premier League 2002-03 Essendon Football Club Carolina Panthers F.C. United of Manchester Chicago White Sox Oakland Athletics Local derby Cincinnati Reds Mick Channon Steve McMahon Pittsburgh Steelers Alex Ferguson Chelsea F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts Frank Lampard Stanley Cup Hellas Verona F.C. Big Brother (USA TV series) New England Patriots Lancashire Minnesota Vikings FA Premier League 1995-96 