what is the song in the movie that jack thompson acted in i think the movie was the game and i don't know the song's lyrics up there cazaly the title of the song great song i love it i haven't heard for years up there cazaly mike brady well you work to earn a living but on weekends comes the time you can do what ever turns you on get out and clear your mind me i like football but there's a lot of things around when you line them up together the footy wins hands down up there cazaly in there and fight out there and at 'em show 'em your might up there cazaly don't let 'em in fly like an angel you're out there to win up there cazaly you're out there to win in there and at 'em don't let 'em in up there cazaly show 'em your height fight like the devil the crowd's on your side up there cazaly in there and fight out there and at 'em show 'em your might up there cazaly show 'em your height fight like the devil the crowd's on your side the crowd's on your side Australian rules football American Pie (song) Australian Football League Roy Cazaly The Jazz Singer Pearl Jam Sydney Riot of 1879 Sydney Swans Guns N' Roses Time Out of Mind Buffalo Bills Chess (musical) Philadelphia Eagles Norway national football team Highway 61 Revisited New England Patriots National Football League Lore Hey Jude Super Bowl XXXVIII Jon Secada Rattle and Hum Genesis (band) Cliff Richard Celtic F.C. I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Essendon Football Club The Beatles discography Blonde on Blonde Howard Dietz T.A.T.u. Sharon Tate Titanic (1997 film) The Rutles Cincinnati Bengals Red Hot Chili Peppers Little Shop of Horrors West Bromwich Albion F.C. St. Louis Rams Houston Astros Torquay United F.C. Minnesota Vikings Slow Train Coming Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind New Morning Burt Bacharach St. Louis Cardinals She Loves You Super Bowl XXXVI The Ashlee Simpson Show Roxette Frankie Laine Cleveland Browns Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles I Want to Hold Your Hand Infidels Badger Badger Badger Aladdin (1992 film) Hartford Whalers The Joker's Wild Charly Garc__a The Yeomen of the Guard Sam Barry Humphrey Bogart Carolina Panthers Love and Theft The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Ron and Fez Shao Kahn The Footy Show Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Football chant Whose Line Is It Anyway? Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Spamalot Michigan Wolverines Pittsburgh Steelers Peter Allen Super Bowl XXXIX Detroit Red Wings Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown) Freddy Fender Los Angeles Clippers Collingwood Football Club Oakland Raiders Jennifer Lopez Real Love (song) Cork City F.C. Norwich City F.C. Jim Steinman Brian Jones (musician) Bonnie Tyler Saturday Night Live World Series WFAN (AM) The Brady Bunch The Emancipation of Mimi Henry Fonda History of Arsenal F.C. Nine Inch Nails Dave Matthews Band 