The older adult. A comparative assessment.
 Thorough assessment of older men and women is a complex but vital part of their health care.
 The ability to differentiate the changes owing to normal aging from those resulting from pathologic processes is necessary if their lives are to be as productive and enjoyable as they are prolonged.
 Each body system and function must be examined or tested with this difference in mind.
 Because aging occurs in different individuals at differing rates, a variety of functions may all be considered healthy or normal.
 Assessment findings must be viewed through the focus of the individual person as well as that of the population.
 The nurse will find opportunities to use assessment skills for older adults in many settings, ranging from independent living arrangements to institutional residential areas.
 In the community, social meeting places, day-care facilities, meal sites, and shopping areas are but a few of the places where older adults may be found, alone or in groups.
 Assessment opportunities can be identified or structured in any milieu.
 The setting itself, as well as the needs of the older adult(s), will help to determine the complexity of the assessment activities.
 The benefit to nursing of increased and expanded ability to assess the older adult is considerable.
 The organized concern of science and health care with aging is a relatively recent phenomenon.
 The older adults of today are unique--there are more of them than ever before, and they are living longer.
 Although their lives are not without health complications, they are, in a sense, role models for the rest of us: pathfinders in aging who can, if we observe them carefully, give us insight and direction for our own healthy aging processes and those of generations to come.
 Nursing is uniquely poised to use our caring methodology with the older adult.
 The elderly are interested in their health and willingly cooperate with those whose assessments are knowledgeable and realistic.
 Nursing is challenged to develop and implement advanced and specialized ways to identify and meet their needs.
