Selected neurologic complications of pregnancy.
 Many neurologic disorders, such as eclampsia, pseudotumor cerebri, stroke, obstetric nerve palsies, subarachnoid hemorrhage, pituitary tumors, and choriocarcinoma, can develop in the pregnant patient.
 Maternal mortality from eclampsia, which ranges from 0 to 14%, can be due to intracerebral hemorrhage, pulmonary edema, disseminated intravascular coagulation, abruptio placentae, or failure of the liver or kidneys.
 Associated fetal mortality ranges from 10 to 28% and is directly related to decreased placental perfusion.
 Pseudotumor cerebri can be associated with serious visual complications; thus, the therapeutic goal is to prevent loss of vision.
 The risk of stroke in the pregnant patient is 13 times the risk in the nonpregnant patient of the same age.
 The major causes of stroke in pregnant patients are arterial occlusion and cerebral venous thrombosis.
 Lumbar disk prolapse is common in pregnant patients, and lumbosacral plexus injuries can occur during labor or delivery.
 In addition, peripheral nerve compression or entrapment syndromes are thought to be caused by the retention of fluid during pregnancy.
 The incidence of subarachnoid hemorrhage during pregnancy is 1 in every 10,000 patients, a rate 5 times higher than in nonpregnant women.
 Because of a proliferation of prolactin-secreting cells, the pituitary gland can enlarge dramatically during pregnancy, a change that can disclose a previously unknown tumor or cause a known pituitary tumor to become symptomatic.
 The incidence of choriocarcinoma is 1 in 50,000 full-term pregnancies but 1 in 30 molar pregnancies.
 This malignant tumor has a high rate of cerebral metastatic lesions.
 In addition to these disorders that develop during pregnancy, the pregnant state can affect numerous preexisting neurologic conditions, including epilepsy, headaches, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis, spinal cord injury, and brain tumors.
 We discuss advice for patients with such conditions who wish to become pregnant, recommendations for medical and surgical management, and surgical considerations for neurologic complications during pregnancy.
