did anyone have any childhood heroes and do you still think about them now your an adult john f kennedy and roberto clemente both were killed tragically and i think of both often Roberto Clemente Robert F. Kennedy 1960s Roberto Clemente Coliseum Darth Vader Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy George Armstrong Custer Roberto Moreno Funker Vogt Tragic hero Presidential Medal of Freedom Carolina, Puerto Rico John F. Kennedy Storytelling Ted Kennedy Kennedy family Pittsburgh Pirates Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis John Kennedy Toole Sleeping Murder Antipope The Lion King John Woo John F. Kennedy assassination John F. Kennedy International Airport The Union (political coalition) Dwight D. Eisenhower T__rin Turambar Heracles Child John Reginald Halliday Christie Sports in Puerto Rico Great Lakes Avengers Tony Clement John Glenn Rosemary Kennedy Kennedy Curse Indianapolis 500 Jin Kazama Adlai Stevenson John Berryman Child actor John F. Kennedy Space Center Piers Anthony The Legend of the Condor Heroes Neighbours The Tribe 20th century Gerald Ford Ontario general election, 1977 Toronto Maple Leafs Clint Eastwood Without You (Mariah Carey song) John F. Kennedy, Jr. Karl Rove John Jay Hooker PNC Park James K. Polk History of intersex surgery Ultimate X-Men Pyramids of Mars Dead Kennedys New Testament apocrypha The Conformist EastEnders Caravaggio Roberto D'Aubuisson October 17 in baseball Ontario general election, 1999 Autism Labour Party (UK) Ismael Rivera Star-Spangled Kid Liberal Party (UK) Chronology of Jesus Carlos Marcello Taken Sioux City, Iowa Kennedy assassination theories Robert Falcon Scott Derryn Hinch Anna Karenina House Select Committee on Assassinations The Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy The Venture Bros. Androgen insensitivity syndrome Gospel of Mark Sunspot (comics) USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67) Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder Unsuccessful nominations to the Supreme Court of the United States October 13 in baseball Jose Buscaglia Guillermety Houston Independent School District Charles Haughey Manitoba general election, 1920 1993 Golden Raspberry Awards Sixty-third United States Congress Vassar Clements Society of Jesus 