people who know alot about history what is the time frame from jefferson to lincoln if it helps it has to do with the rise of american democracy please help i will be very greatful what is the years for example from to sorry but i am a real blonde thomas jefferson b d pres abraham lincoln b d pres Abraham Lincoln President of the United States Jefferson City, Missouri Declaration of Independence (United States) American Civil War Democratic Party (United States) Manifest Destiny Jefferson Davis Thomas Jefferson History of the Southern United States James M. McPherson Jefferson, New Hampshire Origins of the American Civil War Lincoln Highway History of the United States John Adams Jefferson Memorial Thomas Paine Woodrow Wilson United States History of democracy Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents Confederate States of America Pulitzer Prize for History USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN-72) Contributions to liberal theory Gutzon Borglum Autograph 19th century Neo-confederate Newark-on-Trent Vice President of the United States Military history of the United States Charleston, Illinois George Rogers Clark Lincoln County, Washington Realigning election Jefferson County, Kentucky Mary Todd Lincoln Penny (U.S. coin) Southern Democrats Kentucky Rogers Locomotive and Machine Works Boss Hogg Lincoln College, Oxford Slovakia Jefferson Airplane Postage stamps and postal history of the United States Republican Party (United States) American Revolution Gettysburg Address Reconstruction Corporate personhood Pennsylvania Stephen A. Douglas Lincoln Memorial Abraham Lincoln Brigade Carl Schurz Medal of Honor James Madison Federalist Party (United States) Robert E. Lee Dry Tortugas National Park Population history of American indigenous peoples Lewis and Clark Expedition Jefferson County, Pennsylvania The Dukes of Hazzard History of Maryland Missouri secession James Speed United States religious history White separatism James K. Polk Thirtieth United States Congress Jefferson County, New York Ludwig von Mises Institute U.S. presidential election, 1800 History of the United States (1789-1849) The Greatest American 1860s Benjamin Wade Virginia State Capitol Philadelphia Convention James Earle Fraser Surveying White House United States Capitol American System (economics) George B. McClellan History of philosophy Battle of Stones River Indian Removal John F. Kennedy 2nd millennium Sally Hemings Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. History of Washington, D.C. Albert Gallatin Battle of Fort Sumter History of the United States (1776-1789) 