atheists do you think george bush senior should be considered a u s citizen that's worth a chuckle for those of use who are old enough to remember thanks for making my morning brighter 2004 Republican National Convention United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Harriet Miers George H. W. Bush Ralph Nader Peter Jennings Texas A&M University George Bush Intercontinental Airport Supreme Court of the United States Downing Street memo Atheism Order of the British Empire The Mary Tyler Moore Show Bush family conspiracy theory September 11, 2001 attacks timeline for the day of the attacks U.S. presidential election debates Chief Justice of the United States Discrimination Hurricane Katrina timeline Bechtel Corporation President of the United States Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Status of religious freedom in France James Baker George Soros Persecution of atheists U.S. presidential election, 2004 George P. Shultz Billy Bush President George Bush Turnpike Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex 9/11 conspiracy theories Condoleezza Rice Oil-for-Food Programme Ron Reagan Dred Scott v. Sandford David Frum Culture of France Human rights in Cuba Bush Supreme Court candidates Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Separation of church and state Carlyle Group All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship September 11 researchers United States v. Microsoft Skull and Bones Chuckle Brothers George Carlin Barbara Bush Dick Cheney Ed Gillespie Bush family Axis of evil General of the Armies Super Mario 128 Charles Darwin's views on religion Tom Schieffer Sean O'Keefe Bush (band) Al Gore Marvin Olasky Zalmay Khalilzad Wynne prize Tommy Thompson George W. Bush Kookaburra Fox News Karl Rove Killing Joke Afterlife Democratic Party (United States) Christopher Hitchens Laura Bush U.S. Electoral College Plame affair Investigations since the Fiji coup of 2000 Pledge of Allegiance Hurricane Charley Time Out of Mind Bill Maher Constitution of Ireland Southern United States John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Christian right Smith College 2003 Iraq war timeline Air Force One George Stephanopoulos Brown v. Board of Education World's busiest airports by passenger traffic CIA leak grand jury investigation Trials since the Fiji coup of 2000 United States Navy Harken Energy Scandal Killian documents College football Roman Catholicism's links with political authorities U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Bill O'Reilly (commentator) 