what action by dwight eisenhower has kept the usa split ever since no it wasn't picking nixon as vice president no it wasn't telling the french and british he would freeze the assets in the usa if they didn't allow egypt to nationalize the suez canal b b close but neither of those have not kept the nation truly split every day at some place or many places edit have not kept the nation should be have kept the nation hi terry could it have been starting the space race there are so many people in the us complaining how much money is spent on space rather than on real issues also think of the things about creation and the universe that might be discovered and will contradict religious edicts edit or is it something with puttin god in the pledge of allegiance Dwight D. Eisenhower Pledge of Allegiance U.S. presidential election, 1960 President of the United States George W. Bush Vice President of the United States Republican Party (United States) Richard Nixon Suez Canal Ten Commandments Suez Crisis Egypt Barry Goldwater Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Plame affair Acting President of the United States Bretton Woods system Yom Kippur War History of the United States National Security Council 1953-1961 National Public Radio Blonde on Blonde Thomas S. Gates Jr. Iran hostage crisis U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 The Contender (television series) USS Samuel B. Roberts (DD-823) Gamal Abdel Nasser Arlington National Cemetery United States Anthony Eden U.S. Electoral College God of War Supreme Court of the United States British Mandate of Palestine Inauguration Day We Didn't Start the Fire Democratic Party (United States) Creationism Separation of church and state Canadian federal election, 1993 Pat Nixon U.S. presidential election, 2008 Elections in the United States History of the British constitution Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Joseph McCarthy United States embargo against Cuba Condoleezza Rice Adlai Stevenson EastEnders John F. Kennedy Young Earth creationism Nuclear power phase-out Existence of God Franklin D. Roosevelt Mahmoud Ahmadinejad The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power Warrior (wrestler) Sabbath Hurricane Katrina timeline Plame affair timeline Mikhail Khodorkovsky Religious Society of Friends U.S. presidential election, 1952 Theodore Beza New Hampshire primary Six-Day War Transformers: Cybertron Creation according to Genesis Egypt under Muhammad Ali and his successors Anglosphere Exodus Council on Foreign Relations History of Israel Piccolo Junior Saga Chen Shui-bian Watergate scandal U.S. intervention in Chile Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Carter Doctrine 2004 Democratic National Convention Military history of Egypt during World War II Intelligent design American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Al Gore Muslim ibn Aqeel Presidential library Japan-United States relations Operation Mockingbird Warren E. Burger Free will 1973 oil crisis Immanuel Kant Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow Nikita Khrushchev Killian documents USS Arthur W. Radford (DD-968) USS America (CV-66) George W. Bush military service controversy Ronald Reagan 