is anyone else having trouble getting on lds org or mormon org ok it's working again i had heard about pres faust and wanted to see if they had said anything i guess quite a few others were too norrispenguin that wasn't my intent but maybe i'll try that sometime i just got on perhaps with the passing of elder faust there's just a lot more traffic to the site than it's used to handling Quorum of the Twelve Apostles Latter-day Saint Mormon Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Heber C. Kimball Temple (Mormonism) History of the Latter Day Saint movement Joseph Smith, Jr. President of the Church (Mormonism) Bruce R. McConkie Shaman King Priesthood (Mormonism) Joseph Smith Translation of the Bible Doctrine and Covenants Plural marriage Alma the Elder Church of Jesus Christ (Bickertonite) David O. McKay Mormonism and Judaism Mormonism Apostolic Succession Endowment (Mormonism) Church of Christ (Temple Lot) 1970s (LDS) Excommunication Criticism of Mormonism Curse and mark of Cain Affirmation: Gay & Lesbian Mormons Nauvoo, Illinois LDS Conference Center Latter Day Saint Genealogy Mormonism and Christianity Polygamy Lamanite Reformed Egyptian Blood atonement Polygamous Mormon fundamentalists Salt Lake Tabernacle Succession crisis (Mormonism) Ezra Taft Benson Sacrament (Mormonism) Community of Christ Restoration (Mormonism) Urim and Thummim Adam-ondi-Ahman Book of Mormon High priest (Mormonism) Blacks and Mormonism James E. Faust Oliver Cowdery Bishop (Mormonism) Buildings and sites of Salt Lake City, Utah Book of Abraham David Whitmer Thomas B. Marsh History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Quorums of the Seventy Active Directory Adam-God theory Latter Day Saint movement Temple garment (Mormonism) Deacon LDS cinema Apostolic United Brethren Apocrypha Martin Harris Baptism for the dead Melchizedek priesthood (Mormonism) Max Brand God's Army (motion picture) Parley P. Pratt Archaeology and the Book of Mormon Mormon War Mormon Battalion First Vision Encyclopedia of Mormonism George Q. Cannon Baptism Sealing (Mormonism) General conference (Mormonism) D. Michael Quinn 1890 Manifesto Pitaten LDS fiction Church of Christ (Mormonism) Simon Bamberger State of Deseret Controversies regarding The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Neal A. Maxwell Laie Hawaii Temple William Marks (Mormonism) First Presidency Music of Utah Mormon missionary University of Utah Smoot Hearings Missionary House of Joseph 