if god told me to do it isn't admissible in court why was it ok for bush to use it as justification for war bush needs to be tried as a war criminal i doubt the god told me to line would work then Military tribunal George W. Bush Plame affair Tom DeLay Karl Rove Foreign policy of the George W. Bush administration Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse Unlawful combatant Alcoholics Anonymous Iraq disarmament crisis Intelligent design Equal Protection Clause God Emperor of Dune Korematsu v. United States Philosophical skepticism Birmingham Six Teach the Controversy Evidence (law) Scots law Slander and libel Justification (theology) 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Epistle of James George Galloway 2003 Invasion of Iraq U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Intelligent design movement 21 July 2005 London bombings Don't ask, don't tell Ramsey Clark Charles Grandison Finney Governments' positions pre-2003 invasion of Iraq Theodicy Read my lips: no new taxes Sherman Antitrust Act War crime Articles of Religion (Methodist) William Rehnquist Utopia (book) Ex-gay 2004 Republican National Convention Criticism of Prem Rawat Appeal British National Party Downing Street memo Al Gore Leo Tolstoy U.S. presidential election, 2008 Gulf War Condoleezza Rice Plame affair timeline AIPAC espionage scandal Human rights in post-Saddam Hussein Iraq Sathya Sai Baba Clarence Thomas Roman Catholic Church Peter Singer Bush Supreme Court candidates Strong atheism Japanese American internment Ruth Bader Ginsburg Mahathir bin Mohamad Sola fide Abraham Involuntary commitment Sun Myung Moon The Gods Must Be Crazy Atheism Defense (justification) Roswell UFO incident Karen Hughes Merit Hearsay Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Sandra Day O'Connor Charles Graner Bush Doctrine Baptism David Hume Iraq Survey Group Fred Phelps Alberto Gonzales Sarah Bush v. Gore Iraqi National Congress American government position on invasion of Iraq Benny Morris Pitcairn sexual assault trial of 2004 U.S. presidential election, 2000 Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism American Civil War A Canticle for Leibowitz 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities International Criminal Court W. Mark Felt Anti-terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001 Guantanamo Bay Separation of church and state The New York Times Burden of proof 