anyone know of any rare like games i culd get for the wii and yes i know nintendo doesn't own rare anymore i'm just asking if there are any games that are as long and detailed as those games and have the same sort of story line setup because i find those games really enjoyable well first you can download the rare games they've already released on the vc donkey kong country etc its actually pretty easy to get them all with the new shop channel option of searching by publisher personally i've been enjoying the hell out of super paper mario it has a long and detailed story with a very wry nintendoy sense of humor plus there's immense replay value Donkey Kong Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Diddy Kong Animal Crossing Rare (video game company) Nintendo Revolution Donkey Kong Country Mario Super Smash Bros. Melee E-Reader Nintendo 64 Super Smash Bros. Donkey Kong 64 Boss (video games) Nintendo GameCube Super Nintendo Entertainment System Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble! Mario Kart 64 Princess Peach Banjo-Kazooie Computer and video games Donkey Kong (arcade game) Nintendo Entertainment System Game Boy Super Mario 128 Kremling Krew Dixie Kong Intelligent Systems Donkey Kong Junior Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Yoshi Super Mario 64 DS Donkey Kong Country (TV series) Sonic the Hedgehog Donkey Kong (Game Boy game) Cranky Kong Paper Mario Mario Kart Super Circuit Mario Kart Diddy Kong Racing Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Trilogy Computer and video game genres Game Boy Advance Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Mario Superstar Baseball Mario series enemies Super Mario 64 Pauline Classic NES Series Shigeru Miyamoto GoldenEye 007 Super Mario Kart Super Mario Bros. History of video games (16-bit era) Super Mario All-Stars Computer role-playing game Video game character Pok__mon (video games) Lakitu Super Mario Bros. 3 Video game music Bowser Mario Kart DS Super Mario Bros. television series Super Mario remake series Koopa Kid TurboGrafx 16 Super Mario World Sega Saturn Super Mario Sunshine The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time History of computer and video games Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Bros. 2 Luigi Nintendo DS GameShark Daigasso! Band Brothers Mario Party Donkey Kong Land Donkey Kong Land III Goomba Pac-Man Super Mario Strikers Mario Party series Mario Bros. Nintendo Vs. Series Mario vs. Donkey Kong Nintendo 64DD Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Chrono Trigger Donkey Konga 3 Pure Pwnage Birdo Mario Golf 