people with super mario strikers wii charged wii numbers plz plz are you asking this so that you can play against friends online because that doesn't use the wii code it uses the friend code Toad (Nintendo) Wario Super Mario 128 Super Mario Bros. Super Mario Strikers Super Mario World Mario series enemies Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Mario E-Reader Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario Bros. 2 Nintendo Power Mario Kart DS Princess Peach Bowser Paper Mario Nintendo Hammer Brothers Birdo Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Mask work Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection Super Smash Bros. Melee Ragnarok Online Super Mario Kart Koopa Kid Koji Kondo Arwing UK telephone numbering plan Goomba Municipalities of Switzerland Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario All-Stars Computer and video game genres ROM hacking ROM image ISO 4217 Z__oty Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Waluigi Super Mario Land Super Mario remake series Characters in Atlas Shrugged Nintendo 64 Street Fighter Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Nintendo GameCube Nintendo DS Enhanced remake Metroid Prime: Hunters Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Mario Sunshine LiveJournal Classic NES Series Laws of cricket Luigi Mario Bros. Telephone numbering plan Mario Kart Super Mario Bros. (film) Computer and video games Super Mario 64 Animal Crossing Postal code Super Mario Advance 4 History of computer and video games Football (soccer) Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever People's Republic of Poland Game Boy Koopa Troopa Vegeta Hyakujuu Sentai GaoRanger Kremling Krew Super Smash Bros. Super Mario Bros. television series Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Code: Lyoko Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix The Wizard (film) Yoshi Banjo-Kazooie Game Boy Advance Striker America Online The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Mushroom Kingdom Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Mushroom Computer role-playing game Super Nintendo Entertainment System Fire Emblem Internet fraud Video game music Alex Ferguson Tetris Attack Launch game 