super paper mario wii help when you complete all of the first section after peach falls from the sky i get a key what does the key go to first to answer right gets the best answer the key goes to the gate on the mail floor of the town you have to switch views to see the gate with the padlock it should be right infront of the save box by the elevator sorry the town name doesnt come to mind but its the main town Mario Super Mario 64 DS Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Paper Mario Princess Peach Bowser Luigi Mario series enemies Super Mario 64 Super Mario Bros. 3 Boss (video games) Super Mario World Mario Kart Super Circuit Public-key cryptography Super Mario Advance 4 Elevator Mario Kart 64 Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario All-Stars Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario Kart Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Professional wrestling aerial techniques Goomba Mario Kart DS Lakitu Super Mario Sunshine Mushroom Kingdom Wario Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) Super Mario remake series Super Mario Land Nintendo Power Single certification Super Mario Bros. television series Sudoku Mario Kart: Double Dash!! The Five Doctors Mario Is Missing! Super Nintendo Entertainment System Phreaking Princess Daisy Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Koopa Kid Shy Guy Glossary of firefighting equipment Animal Crossing: Wild World Animal Crossing The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary to Quintessential Phases Koopa Troopa Bob-omb Halo (video game series) Nintendo Comics System Chatsworth House Computer and video games ZIP Code Fire Flower Jumpstart 3rd Grade Yoshi Touch & Go Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Computer and video game genres Donkey Kong Mario Bros. Central processing unit Mario Pinball Land Game & Watch Gallery San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Golden Gate Bridge Nintendo DS Computer role-playing game Super Mario Strikers Shockwave (Transformers) Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Koji Kondo Birdo Super Smash Bros. Boom Town (Doctor Who) Windows 2000 Doki Doki Panic Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Francis Crick The Star Wars Holiday Special King Toadstool Toadette Quantum computer Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority RuneScape quests Exception handling Belmont Park Database Transistor U.S. Highway 1 Super Smash Bros. Melee Rent (musical) Pauline 