already signed up for free yahoo footbal leagues but really want to get into my buddies can i do it no you can't do it with the same account that you have the four leagues with there is only one way you can do it you have to make another account so you can get more teams to play with once you make another account you can join your buddies league good luck Pittsburgh Steelers National Football League American Football League The Football League Minor league baseball League Cup American football Ali Daei Football (soccer) World Football League Rugby league J. League United States Football League Canadian Football League American League Australian Football League Super Buddies Major League Baseball Big East Conference Salary cap Football Conference Buddy Ryan Nottingham Forest F.C. Jack Charlton Carlisle United F.C. Football in England Troms__ I.L. UEFA Champions League Glossary of American football Jari Litmanen Australian rules football Buddy Bell FA Cup Football League Trophy Kansas City Chiefs Touch football (rugby league) Football League of Ireland Arena Football League Major League Soccer New England Patriots Michael Owen Rugby union Arsenal F.C. Football F.C. United of Manchester Pete Rose NFL Draft Jupiler League Super League (Australia) Indoor soccer Canadian football Football in Sweden National League FA Premier League Arena football May 2005 in sports National Rugby League Leicester City F.C. Edgar Renter__a Steve Spurrier Football in the United Kingdom Rugby football Portsmouth F.C. Turkish Football Federation Hattrick Ian Wright La Liga Paul Gascoigne Tore Andr__ Flo New York Giants Indianapolis Colts Veterans Stadium Bundesliga (football) Justice League Playoff S.League Gaelic football Fabien Barthez Victorian Football League College basketball Baseball Detroit Red Wings Atlantic Coast Conference Sport Torquay United F.C. Indoor football Dunstable Town F.C. Major League Baseball All-Star Game Buffalo Bills South Australian National Football League Notts County F.C. Indy Racing League Reserve clause Kansas City Royals Scottish Football League Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Minnesota Vikings Frank Lampard George Halas November 2004 in sports 