what is the best free fantasy football site for an average player well i would consider myself an average player also because it is my first year to do fantasy sports the best site would probably be yahoo it is free and user friendly you should probably go ahead and join a public league and choose either a competitive league or a casual league good luck National Football League Football The Football League American football Baseball Football (soccer) 2004-05 in English football American Football League Sport Magic: The Gathering Football in the United Kingdom Hibernian F.C. FA Premier League Canadian football Bryan Robson Major League Baseball Neopets Gaelic football Primera Divisi__n Argentina UEFA Champions League Michael Owen Atlanta Braves Rugby union South Australian National Football League Kick Off Major professional sports league F.C. United of Manchester R.S.C. Anderlecht FIFA Series Chelsea F.C. David Beckham Torquay United F.C. Minor league baseball Championship Manager Batting average Salary cap Single-elimination tournament Sports timeline Jack Charlton Football chant IFK G__teborg Raith Rovers F.C. Topps NFL Europe Major League Soccer Troms__ I.L. Campeonato Carioca Arena football Nottingham Forest F.C. Diego Maradona PSV Eindhoven Rugby league in Russia Australian Football League Hattrick Everton F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Professional sports Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Rugby league in Australia November 2004 in sports FC Barcelona League Cup Wrexham A.F.C. May 2005 in sports New York Giants Frank Lampard National Hockey League All-Star Game FC Rostov Football in England Wayne Gretzky Futebol Clube do Porto FA Cup Fantasy football (American) New York Yankees Ty Cobb Ladies' Gaelic football MUD Queensland Rugby League Iran's Premier Football League Ivy League Rugby league in Wales FIFA American League Minor league Sport in Ireland Playoff format Fantasy baseball Bundesliga (football) Alex Ferguson Western Australian Football League Dundee United F.C. Earned run average The Sporting News Mahjong S.League Team Fortress Classic Pittsburgh Steelers 