did ty cobb have any family member named beverly daughter neice wife or girl freind around i have a copy of westinghouse investment for dollars to a e perice co dated with a notation on the side beverly it was hand written by ty cobb psa dna could not render a conclusion any one out there know this was on www rootsweb com and it lists a woman who has him in her family tree along with her email address name tyrus ty cobb sex m birth dec father william hershel cobb b feb mother amanda chitwood b jan marriage charlotte marion lombard children herschel cobb b beverly cobb shirley cobb tyrus cobb so as you can see he did have a daughter named beverly hope this helps Ty Cobb Genealogy Family name Family British Royal Family Henry Fonda Darwin-Wedgwood family Emperor of Japan Sharon Tate Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Another World (TV series) Angelina Jolie Charlemagne David Cobb Heir Apparent Dynasty (TV series) Ted Williams Incest Knots Landing Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz Warren G. Harding Situation comedy EastEnders Humphrey Bogart Babe Carey 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Joseph Smith, Jr. The Young and the Restless E-mail Carole Lombard R. Kelly Patricia Ford Lunar phase Earl of Derby Genetic genealogy House of Bourbon Yul Brynner Genealogical DNA test Haven (TNG episode) X chromosome Bob Hope Happy Days Lady Mary Boleyn Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport Days of our Lives Golden Plates All My Children Marie Antoinette Lindsay Lohan William Herschel Rupert Hart-Davis The Royle Family Destiny's Child Mama's Family Married... with Children Pride and Prejudice Marriage Beverly Hills, California Pitcairn sexual assault trial of 2004 Kennedy family Angela Lansbury The O.C. Lee J. Cobb Cell growth Maria Vladimirovna of Russia Charlotte Bront__ Anne Boleyn Alexandra Fyodorovna of Hesse Line of succession to the British Throne Florence Harding Heather Wilson 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Human cloning Charles, Prince of Wales The Brittas Empire Characters from Arrested Development Aisha E. E. Cummings Princess Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood Dawson's Creek 1990s Michael Cacoyannis Alois Hitler Whitney Houston Arjuna Guiding Light Claudius 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Woman Dead Like Me Nikah Misyar Playboy (magazine) Maiden name William Douglas-Hamilton, Duke of Hamilton Stage name Unisex name Football (soccer) 