more weird and useless facts the most common time for a bank robbery is friday between and am the least likely time is wednesday between and pm the little circle that is cut from paper by a hole puncher is called a chad when dr who first started on television each episode was made on a budget of just in the dark ages it was thought that when you sneezed a breif oppertunity for devils to enter your mouth was present thus explaining the origins of bless you the first known contraceptive was crocodile dung used by egyptians in bc santas red coat is a relatively new introduction most images of father christmas prior to showed him with a green coat red became the most popular colour after its us introduction by coca cola during the s the only underground sttation in london to be named after a football club is arsenal i knew the one about santa but the others are news thx Santa Claus Arsenal F.C. Christmas Dean Koontz Sneeze Birth control Sonic the Hedgehog Sheffield Wednesday F.C. THX 1138 Blackadder Mario series enemies Dragnet (drama) London Coca-Cola Common bean Coca League Cup Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March ITV Christmas tree Aqua Teen Hunger Force FA Premier League Liturgical year FA Cup Teen Girl Squad BBC One 7 July 2005 London bombings History of Arsenal F.C. Manchester United F.C. Wigan Athletic F.C. Glass Winning Streak Santa Cruz Futebol Clube London Underground Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Mars The Ashlee Simpson Show Cigarette Smoking Man Super Mario Bros. television series BNSF Railway Local derby Major League Baseball television contracts Drill bit The Addams Family Wallpaper group Punch card Arsenal Stadium The Big Break Color theory Kain (Legacy of Kain) August 2005 in Britain and Ireland Bolivia Kimi Finster RuneScape locations Wayne Rooney Chad Michael Murray Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. EastEnders Obi-Wan Kenobi Nickelodeon (TV channel) Opportunity rover 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Papa Lazarou Japanese tea ceremony Beetle Fox Broadcasting Company Russell T. Davies Wednesday Northern Bank robbery All Aussie Adventures Only Fools and Horses Ashlee Simpson The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Saturday Night Live Thanksgiving National Football League Snooker Starfleet ranks and insignia Comedy film Tutankhamun Paul Is Dead Emirates Stadium L. S. Lowry Stud poker The Joker's Wild Colours, standards and guidons The Coca-Cola Company 21 July 2005 London bombings Drag racing BBC television drama Chelsea F.C. Virus Golf Raith Rovers F.C. SpongeBob SquarePants P__voa de Varzim Daria Ancient Egypt Arizona Cardinals 