Novel plasmid-mediated beta-lactamase (MIR-1) conferring resistance to oxyimino- and alpha-methoxy beta-lactams in clinical isolates of Klebsiella pneumoniae.
 Klebsiella pneumoniae isolates from 11 patients at the Miriam Hospital were identified as resistant to cefoxitin and ceftibuten as well as to aztreonam, cefotaxime, and ceftazidime.
 Resistance could be transferred by conjugation or transformation with plasmid DNA into Escherichia coli and was due to the production of a beta-lactamase with an isoelectric point of 8.4 named MIR-1.
 In E.
 coli, MIR-1 conferred resistance to aztreonam, cefotaxime, ceftazidime, ceftibuten, ceftriaxone, and such alpha-methoxy beta-lactams as cefmetazole, cefotetan, cefoxitin, and moxalactam.
 In vitro, MIR-1 hydrolyzed cephalothin and cephaloridine much more rapidly than it did penicillin G, ampicillin, or carbenicillin.
 Cefotaxime was hydrolyzed at 10% the rate of cephaloridine.
 Cefoxitin inactivation could only be detected by a microbiological test.
 The inhibition profile of MIR-1 was similar to that of chromosomally mediated class I beta-lactamases.
 Potassium clavulanate had little effect on cefoxitin or cefibuten resistance and was a poor inhibitor of MIR-1 activity.
 Cefoxitin or imipenem did not induce MIR-1.
 The gene determining MIR-1 was cloned on a 1.4-kb AccI-PstI fragment.
 Under stringent conditions, probes for TEM-1 and SHV-1 genes and the E.
 coli ampC gene failed to hybridize with the MIR-1 gene.
 However, a provisional sequence of 150 bp of the MIR-1 gene proved to be 90% identical to the sequence of ampC from Enterobacter cloacae but only 71% identical to that of E.
 coli, thus explaining the lack of hybridization to the E.
 coli ampC probe.
 Plasmid profiles of the 11 K.
 pneumoniae clinical isolates were not identical, but each contained a plasmid from 40 to 60 kb that hybridized with the cloned MIR-1 gene.
 Both transfer-proficient and transfer-deficient MIR-1 plasmids belonged to the N incompatibility group.
 Thus, the resistance of these K.
 pneumoniae strains was the result of plasmid acquisition of a class I beta-lactamase, a new resistance determinant that expands the kinds of beta-lactam resistance capable of spread by plasmid dissemination among clinical isolates.
