Peritoneal leukocyte response following placement of polyglycolic acid intestinal sling in patients with rectal carcinoma.
 The intestinal sling procedure has been used successfully without the observance of pelvic infections.
 This procedure involves the implantation of polyglycolic acid (PGA) mesh to hold the bowel out of the pelvis to prevent radiation enteritis.
 We previously showed that PGA mesh has no intrinsic bactericidal activity.
 Since phagocytic leukocytes produce reactive oxygen intermediates during respiratory burst that are associated with oxygen-dependent bactericidal activity, we examined peritoneal cell types and their respiratory burst activity isolated from patients with biopsy-confirmed rectal carcinoma who underwent the intestinal sling procedure (N = 12) compared with patients who did not (N = 13).
 There was no significant difference in the cell types within the peritoneal cavity over the 7-day postoperative period examined.
 However, there was a significant increase in the ability of leukocytes isolated from mesh patients to produce hydrogen peroxide in the absence of an exogenous stimulus (P less than 0.05), as measured by flow cytometric quantitation of oxidation of the hydroperoxide-sensitive dye, 2',7'-dichlorofluorescin diacetate (DCFH-DA).
 Despite the higher endogenous DCFH oxidation by leukocytes from mesh patients, the cells retained the ability to oxidize DCFH following treatment with a membrane-active stimulant for respiratory burst activity, 12-O-tetradecanoyl-phorbol-13-acetate.
 These observations suggest that PGA mesh used for the intestinal sling procedure stimulates the respiratory burst activity of peritoneal leukocytes during the postoperative period in which bacterial proliferation and colonization occur.
 The stimulation of reactive oxygen intermediates involved in oxygen-dependent bactericidal activity by PGA mesh may be one of the mechanisms underlying the lack of infections observed with the use of PGA mesh in contaminated settings.
