are you disapointed by adults actions and thoughts it sometimes sickens me to see that the generation that is currently in power is not treating our youth seriously we didn't take pollution seriously in the s and s look we're we are at right now and i do not like the way adults treat youth look at the cnntube presidential candidate q a session i mean debate such stupid questions were asked your average american doesn't know anything about our spending corporate rights but he sure knows something about how pat robertson is a prophet of our times some american youth are intelligent angry about how america is being run they can talk without flinching on the issues i have a feeling that america may experience a brain drain in the next years if you see an american adult with a sign that says down with obama osama and chelsea's mama do you expect more from the youth of this country U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 2004 Democratic National Convention Alan Keyes Barack Obama Democratic Party (United States) Ralph Nader Pat Robertson Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Socialist Workers Party (United States) John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Person Osama bin Laden Avenue Q God Emperor of Dune Christian right Hillary Rodham Clinton Bill Clinton Civil rights Third party (United States) Little Britain Joke U.S. presidential election, 2000 The nature of God in Western theology Ross Perot U.S. presidential election, 1992 The Apprentice 2 President of Germany John Edwards U.S. presidential election, 2008 Fahrenheit 9/11 Paul von Hindenburg Tom Brinkman Practices of Jehovah's Witnesses Generation X Adolescence Read my lips: no new taxes Children of God Theory of conduct Abortion debate Karl Rove Motivation Consciousness Hastings United FC Another Side of Bob Dylan Fox News Artificial consciousness Foreign policy of the George W. Bush administration ROC presidential election, 2004 Suicide Scouting John Kerry Knots Landing Liberal Democrats (UK) Contract Communist Party USA Politics of Russia 2004 Republican National Convention Blonde on Blonde Transsexuality Pat Buchanan Philippine general election, 2004 Major League Baseball television contracts Vice President of the United States Too Short a Season (TNG episode) Planet Waves Philosophy of mind George W. Bush Debate Bill Maher Economic inequality Singapore presidential election, 2005 Paternalism U.S. presidential election debates The Catcher in the Rye 2004 Osama bin Laden video Al Gore Stem cell Jack Ryan (Senate candidate) Doug U.S. presidential election, 2004 Blood on the Tracks British House of Commons John F. Kennedy Chelsea F.C. Post-traumatic stress disorder Drama History of the United States Traumatic incident reduction Jeopardy! in culture Homosexuality Psychosis Richard A. Clarke George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Human Senate Report of Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Anti-intellectualism U.S. presidential election, 1960 Sharon Tate North American Man/Boy Love Association 