fernando torres when the reds signed torres i was soooo happy finally a class striker but later i realized torres wood have to have time to adjust no doubt the talent is there and i think rafa can shape him well but could the million pounds be spent better he has never scored more than goals in a season i like torres but in my opinion i wood want a proven goalscorer for tht much david villa maybe goals torres tho helps a team more than just scoring goals hes a playmaker it will take some time to adjust tho thts besides the point how wood u have spent tht million be realistic can torres live up to his price tag torres has lived in spain all his life so it will take him a while to get used to his new surroundings in liverpool personally as a watford fan million could buy us a new squad but for liverpool i dont have a clue what positions need strenghtening Aston Villa F.C. Kevin Keegan Leeds United F.C. Alex Ferguson Steve McManaman Newcastle United F.C. Michael Owen FA Premier League 1995-96 David Beckham Manchester United F.C. Chelsea F.C. Rangers F.C. England national football team Paul Ince Norway national football team Watford F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Everton F.C. Liverpool F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Emile Heskey Torquay United F.C. Frank Lampard Denis Law Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Luton Town F.C. Ronny Rosenthal West Bromwich Albion F.C. Real Madrid FA Cup Coventry City F.C. Alan Shearer Tranmere Rovers F.C. Fulham F.C. Boston Bruins 2004-05 in English football Manchester United 1986-1999 Jack Charlton Milan Baro__ Bryan Robson Paul Mariner F.C. United of Manchester FA Premier League 1994-95 Dion Dublin West Ham United F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Arsenal F.C. Geoff Hurst Bobby Charlton Steve Hodge David Platt Peter Crouch Ray Houghton R.S.C. Anderlecht Alan Hansen History of Arsenal F.C. Ian Wright Viv Anderson Troms__ I.L. David Cooper (footballer) Crystal Palace F.C. Valencia CF Football World Cup 1966 Demis Nikolaidis New York Yankees Steven Gerrard Bon Jovi Manchester United 1945-1969 The Football League Portsmouth F.C. Steve Coppell Steve Staunton Atl__tico de Madrid Andriy Shevchenko FA Premier League 2001-02 Trevor Steven August 2005 in sports Wayne Gretzky Des Walker Football (soccer) Dennis Bergkamp Gary Stevens Cleveland Browns Celtic F.C. Ali Daei Thierry Henry Gianluca Vialli Mario Lemieux Kevin Campbell (footballer) Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Los Angeles Kings Ruud van Nistelrooy Clive Allen FA Premier League 2004-05 