what's with henry and barca fans cmon am i the only one who can see this or are there others somehow henry is the striker in europe and the planet and messi is the best player on the planet why do argentina choke even with him at the feet of brazil if he is so great and ronalidnho is a no show except for the fluke in realistically barca and cl in just dont go together what win and finals in years of cl barca are just some ignorant club tht think there the peoples club by splashing out million pounds no differnt for the royal club real madrid barca have a clash of egos they will be th in la liga and lose in the first knockout round of ucl they cant get it together i say atl madrid finishes above barca liverpool Real Madrid UEFA Champions League England national football team Michael Owen Norway national football team R.S.C. Anderlecht Ronaldo David Beckham Alex Ferguson Hugo S__nchez Everton F.C. Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Newcastle United F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Graeme Souness August 2005 in sports 2004-05 in English football West Bromwich Albion F.C. Major football rivalries FA Cup Aston Villa F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Hern__n Crespo Tottenham Hotspur F.C. La Liga Chelsea F.C. Luis Figo Steve McManaman Newell's Old Boys Rangers F.C. Manchester United F.C. Manchester United 1945-1969 Claudio Ranieri The Football League PFC Levski Sofia Atl__tico de Madrid Sport Club Corinthians Paulista October 2004 in sports Madrid Frank Rijkaard Emile Heskey Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Brazil national football team Pedro Calder__n de la Barca Watford F.C. Futebol Clube do Porto Oxford United F.C. FIFA Club World Championship Habsburg Spain Paul Ince FA Premier League 2004-05 Bobby Charlton Primera Divisi__n Argentina Kevin Keegan RCD Espanyol Lech Pozna__ Boxing FA Premier League Teddy Sheringham Celta Vigo Portsmouth F.C. Bryan Robson Zin__dine Zidane The Open Championship Manchester United 1986-1999 FA Premier League 1995-96 Hannibal Torquay United F.C. Campeonato Carioca Swindon Town F.C. Tranmere Rovers F.C. Ra__l Gonz__lez West Ham United F.C. Maccabi Haifa F.C. Los Angeles Clippers September 2004 in sports Luton Town F.C. Javier Castillejo Club Atl__tico San Lorenzo de Almagro Alan Hansen UEFA Cup Leeds United F.C. Chivas de Guadalajara September 2005 in sports FC Barcelona Alfredo Di Stefano Peter Shilton FA Premier League 2000-01 Fulham F.C. Germany national football team Liverpool F.C. Football World Cup 1982 Euroleague Ipswich Town F.C. Sugar Ray Robinson 