if i don't agree with civil court settlement what should i do do i talk to my lawyer to negitiate the settlement do we have to sign as final thank you all don't need a lawyer they charge to much you would walk out with nothing in most states cities you have days or maybe longer to contest the case appeal call the court that the case was in they should have given you written notice of this and in the notice it would say how long you have for an appeal Lawsuit Appeal Lawyer Paula Jones Plame affair Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Trials since the Fiji coup of 2000 State supreme court Supreme court Rosa Parks Class action Unlawful combatant Court system of Canada Criminal procedure Supreme Court of the United States Judicial functions of the House of Lords John Edwards Supreme Court of Canada Judicial Committee of the Privy Council New Hampshire Supreme Court James Bulger Double jeopardy Lawrence v. Texas Copyright Arbitration Judicial system of Japan Case citation Strategic lawsuit against public participation Same-sex marriage in New York Legal system of Hong Kong Same-sex marriage in the United States Pledge of Allegiance Ecclesiastical court Law of the People's Republic of China Adversarial system Courts of England and Wales Gideon v. Wainwright Court of Appeals Plea bargain Joshua Benjamin Jeyaretnam United States court of appeals O. J. Simpson International Court of Justice Yaser Esam Hamdi Scots law Tort reform Legal research Apple Computer Leo Frank Divorce Judiciary of Hong Kong International Criminal Court Bush v. Gore Hawaii State Judiciary Attorney at Law United States v. Microsoft Attorney General United States district court Mumia Abu-Jamal Unassigned Lands Pitcairn sexual assault trial of 2004 Conseil d'__tat Government involvement in the Terri Schiavo case Judge Federal government of the United States New York Supreme Court ROC presidential election, 2004 California government and politics Karl Rove Pan Am Flight 103 bombing trial Scientology versus The Internet Cour de cassation Dred Scott v. Sandford Court-martial Scopes Trial Sentence (law) Notary public Elaine Race Riot Nolo contendere Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins Case law Due process Law school Royal Courts of Justice Summary judgment Miranda v. Arizona Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Same-sex marriage in Canada Fathers' rights Inquisitorial system United Kingdom corporation tax Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 16 Nelson Mandela Robert Bork Contempt of court Unfair labor practice High Court of Justice of England and Wales Tennessee State court 