the rupture has been cancelled i'm told that the rupture has been postponed until after the presidential elections so that god can vote for mitt romney is this true perhaps i am lost samurai but i do know the difference between your and you're rev the misspelling was intentional and satirical in nature you understand satire don't you bwahahahahahahaha wipes tear oh thank goodness Mitt Romney U.S. presidential election, 2008 Rick Santorum Billy Graham Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Ann Coulter Ted Kennedy The West Wing (television) Rudy Giuliani U.S. presidential election, 2004 The Daily Show 2004 Republican National Convention Massachusetts Sin Book of Isaiah Ross Perot The Jazz Singer Socrates Theory of conduct Joke 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Merit Rurouni Kenshin Comparing and contrasting Judaism and Christianity The Marriage of Figaro Theodicy Atheism Second Vatican Council Central African Republic elections, 2005 Samurai Deeper Kyo Blue Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Red state vs. blue state divide Fiji municipal election, 2005 Unification Church and anti-Semitism Alan Keyes 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities George W. Romney John McCain President of the United States Novel Discworld MUD President of Ireland The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Election Christianity Bush v. Gore Third party (United States) Al Sharpton Evan Mecham Israel ben Eliezer Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Divine grace Ex-gay U.S. presidential election, 1984 2002 Winter Olympic bid scandal 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Malawi Social Credit Party of Canada Massachusetts Turnpike Pauline Hanson U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Ontological argument Hubert H. Humphrey Jon Huntsman, Jr. U.S. presidential election, 1936 Eastern Orthodox Church Togolese presidential election, 2005 John Edwards Misspelling Paul Hackett Aortic dissection Dilbert U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Coronary heart disease Ukrainian presidential election, 2004 Alternative theories regarding Hurricane Katrina Barry Goldwater Originalism Edmund Muskie U.S. presidential election, 2006 (The West Wing) Samurai Jack Unification Church U.S. presidential election, 1789 Dan Quayle Samurai Shodown III Predestination U.S. presidential election, 2000 Baseball U.S. presidential election, 1988 Ultima Online U.S. presidential election, 1884 Jesse Jackson Joseph Hall Grover Cleveland Pondicherry Fuel injection Green Party (United States) Politics of the Republic of China 