why muslims i havee onee burning question i am a muslim i am not saying that muslim is a bad religon or muslim is the only gopod religon dont get me wrong but the thing i don't get is why muslims can't date i mean how do you know a person by meeting them once and then just getting married too them in most cases everything works out the husband and the wife are a happy couple but i mean like if you date mabye likee a year and you relly like eachother then if you get married then that makess more sence too me i your mom and your dad just pick out for examplee girls you don't even know the girls t hey could be bad they could be likee soo manyy things you dont even know this person that you may be marrying you don't know until after that is she is the person really lovee or wanna be with tha tis why i dont agree with arranged marrages im wondering is it wrong is it wrong to be a muslim and not agree with arranged marriges please helpp me understandd thankk you soo muchh my belief is that every religion has a bit of the truth and you can't really believe in every part in only one so no its not wrong to be a muslim and not agree with arranged marriages Marriage Jennifer Lopez Fiddler on the Roof Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an God Friends Theory of conduct Joke Polygamy Laura Schlessinger Phoebe Buffay's songs Divorce Women in Islam The Fairly OddParents Polyamory Social rule The Adventures of Pete & Pete Avenue Q Nikah Mut'ah Daz Dillinger The Marriage of Figaro Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Criticisms of Charismatic and Pentecostal belief Ten Commandments EastEnders Springfield Elementary School Ranma __ characters Marilyn Monroe Muhammad Humphrey Bogart Hey Jude Lucille Ball Knots Landing Religion and sexuality Mail-order bride Religion Eastern Orthodox Church Discordianism Goodness and value theory Evil Ethics Nikah Misyar Sharia Situation comedy Cary Grant Mr. and Mrs. Turner Hey Arnold! Married... with Children Atomic Kitten Epistemology Doug Jon Secada Shi'a Islam Apostasy in Islam Grandview, U.S.A. Love Futurama (TV series - season 5) True Crime: Streets of LA Buddhism Who Shot Mr. Burns? KaBlam! Meaning of life Separation of church and state Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Mary, the mother of Jesus Pok__mon Live! Futurama (TV series - season 2) Incarnations of Immortality John the Baptist Khadijah bint Khuwaylid Status of religious freedom in Malaysia Game show Fallacy Salvation Muslim League Fundamentalism Philosophical skepticism Infantilism Sikhism primary beliefs and principles Jam (TV series) R. Kelly Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Practices of Jehovah's Witnesses Billboard Hot 100 Kimi Finster Great Teacher Onizuka Wonderland (McFly album) Islam Homer Simpson Nation of Islam Truth Plame affair Aisha Hip hop collaborations Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Succession to Muhammad Kim Possible Transactional analysis John Lennon 