easy questions for abortion loving christian haters was abortion illegal in your state prior to roe vs wade when was the last american woman thrown in prison for choosing an abortion prior to roe vs wade in what will be the legal effect when roe vs wade is overturned if you can't answer all factually stop chanting slogans and educate your ignorant selves chanting slogans like abortion loving christian haters roe v wade was before my time but i've heard stories it won't be overturned because even your sweetheart right wing nutbags in the supreme court know there's no legal way to do so and have said as much Roe v. Wade Abortion debate Abortion in the United States Abortion Abortion in Canada Planned Parenthood v. Casey Partial-birth abortion Lawrence v. Texas Sandra Day O'Connor Judicial activism John Roberts Supreme Court nomination and hearings Clarence Thomas Pro-choice American Civil Liberties Union Ruth Bader Ginsburg Sex-related court cases in the United States U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Landmark decision Eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland Dred Scott v. Sandford Privacy Mootness R. v. Morgentaler Democratic Party (United States) Anthony Kennedy Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Henry Morgentaler Same-sex marriage Case citation Webster v. Reproductive Health Services Human rights in the United States Amendments to the Constitution of Ireland Due process Harry Reid Byron White Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Doe v. Bolton Civil rights Federal Marriage Amendment Abortion in Ireland Stare decisis Feminists for Life Westboro Baptist Church (Topeka) Originalism Henry Wade Judicial review Constitution of Ireland Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Bush v. Gore Tom Monaghan Samuel Alito Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Abortion law Legalized abortion and crime effect Harriet Miers Ted Kennedy Robert Bork Fred Phelps Stenberg v. Carhart George W. Bush Sex education Roe effect NARAL Pro-Choice America Same-sex marriage in Canada Sexual revolution Equal Protection Clause Sarah Weddington Habeas corpus Unsuccessful attempts to amend the U.S. Constitution Appeal Unintended consequence Evangelicalism Bowers v. Hardwick Christian right William J. Brennan Separation of church and state Prior restraint George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Nation of Islam Al Gore controversies Status of religious freedom in Iran Anti-abortion movement Michael Crichton Supreme Court of the Republic of Ireland Proposals for amendments to the United States Constitution Bluebook Griswold v. Connecticut Alberto Gonzales Ronald Reagan Canadian Senate Norman Geisler Homosexuality Mumia Abu-Jamal Erie doctrine Roper v. Simmons Equal Rights Amendment Misoprostol 