christians how do you feel about george bush has he betrayed you abortion is still legal and over ppl have died in iraq gwb isn't a christian and apparently never was but so many christians are gullible and will believe anyone that says hey i'm a christian too woohoo Democratic Party (United States) George W. Bush Plame affair U.S. presidential election, 2004 Christian right Culture of Life Abortion debate U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Islam as a political movement George Galloway Popular opposition to the 2003 Iraq War Apostasy 2003 Invasion of Iraq Frontline (PBS) Al Gore Mel Martinez Karl Rove George Washington Bridge The Simpsons John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Saddam Hussein Fahrenheit 9/11 Ted Kennedy Jimmy Carter Cindy Sheehan Christopher Hitchens U.S. presidential election, 2000 Arab-Israeli conflict History of the Middle East Ralph E. Reed, Jr. Partial-birth abortion History of abortion Teach the Controversy Iraq disarmament crisis Evil George Pataki Brit Hume 2004 Republican National Convention Foreign policy of the George W. Bush administration Hillary Rodham Clinton Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse Neoconservatism in the United States Fundamentalist Christianity Anti-abortion movement U.S. presidential election, 2008 Intelligent design movement Dixie Chicks American Civil Liberties Union Barbara Boxer Moby Republican Party (United States) Hey Arnold! Criticisms of the War on Terrorism Sandra Day O'Connor Free Republic Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act Donald Rumsfeld Michael Bloomberg Nuclear option (filibuster) Alberto Gonzales William Bennett Harriet Miers Stenberg v. Carhart Jean Schmidt Downing Street memo Iraq disarmament crisis timeline 2001-2003 George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Andrew Sullivan Abortion in the United States Pat Robertson Paul Hackett Westboro Baptist Church (Topeka) Christianity George H. W. Bush Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Bill Maher Wedge strategy William Rehnquist Colin Powell Comparing and contrasting Judaism and Christianity Mike Malloy Power word Camp Delta Southern United States Anthony Kennedy Ten Commandments History of the United States Intact dilation and extraction Conservative Democrat Tom DeLay Bill Frist Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Iraqi National Congress Washington University in St. Louis War on Terrorism Harry Reid Pitcairn sexual assault trial of 2004 Bush family conspiracy theory Weapons of mass destruction 