can some here that knows tell me what life is like living in a skyrise condo in the city to tell you the truth its amazing i went to one in portland about a week ago to check it out when i move in next season im living with my mon my uncle and my bro right now they are tight you can see everything there and it makes it seem like you're at the top of the world it's really relaxing to Pok__ Ball Super Mario Bros. Super Smash Bros. Super Smash Bros. Melee Mario Bros. The Amazing Race Hammer Brothers Super Mario Bros. 2 Mohamed Atta al-Sayed Yoga Sutras of Patanjali The Amber Spyglass Ginger Rogers Amazing Grace San Francisco 49ers Nintendo Power Super Mario All-Stars New York Giants Pok__mon Channel International League Link (Legend of Zelda) Cincinnati Bengals Three Gays of the Condo 1957 World Series The O.C. Mew (Pok__mon) Kirby and the Amazing Mirror Wynaut Snorlax Boris Becker Make money fast Super Mario remake series Bellossom Scizor New England Patriots Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Canon (fiction) Richard Pryor Bulbasaur Isle of Portland Millencolin Utah Jazz World Football League Ditto (Pok__mon) The Wheezer Bros. R.E.M. (band) North York, Ontario The Chemical Brothers Super Mario Bros. (film) Super Mario Bros. 3 Scenes from a Memory Mario Ho-Oh Oregon Retcon Cordelia Chase Electric Light Orchestra Pok__mon Emerald Flash (comics) Pok__mon Gold and Silver Prince (artist) Kirby Professional wrestling throws World Championship Wrestling Super Bowl XXVII The Ashlee Simpson Show Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus Super Mario Advance 4 Pok__mon Box Mudkip WB Television Network Mewtwo The Amazing Race 1 "Weird Al" Yankovic Walt Disney One Tree Hill (TV series) Ivan Capelli Norway national football team Nintendo Super Bowl XXXVI Pok__mon (anime) Long Branch, New Jersey Wario Pok__mon Khalil Greene Pete Sampras Pok__mon Live! Anthroposophy John Calipari Myanmar Hillsong Music Portland Trail Blazers Medicham Suicune Tetris Attack Julius Erving First appearance Mary Jane Watson Charmed Friends Player's Choice 