good excuses i need some ideas for excuses for missing football practice on saturday i really need something that won't be questioned and that i can tell my coach ahead of time when missing something like football practice school work etc there is one method that works really good say something outrageous like my mother is stuck in a well it's gonna take a team of oxen to pull her out i have to go help i'll be back tuesday then stick with your story it's too funny for them to really bring the hammer down people understand you have to miss things from time to time and sometimes it's a private matter they usually won't ask what your really doing more than once or twice Bowl Championship Series Cincinnati Bengals Crystal Palace F.C. Bryan Robson Cleveland Browns Jim Thorpe British Columbia Lions Extreme Programming New York Giants Have I Got News For You Hip hop collaborations Shawn Michaels Essendon Football Club 2000 Australian Grand Prix Poker jargon Indianapolis 500 Glossary of American football Captain Thunderbolt 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand WQHT (FM) Los Angeles Kings Norway national football team Baseball Denis Law Mack Brown Bobby Charlton National Football League Jennifer Lopez Southeastern Conference Los Angeles Clippers West Ham United F.C. Rich Mullins Portsmouth F.C. History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Good Times Revolver Sydney Riot of 1879 Religion New York Jets Manchester United F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. San Francisco 49ers National Football League Lore Blackburn Rovers F.C. David Cooper (footballer) Shaggy dog story Australia national football team Torquay United F.C. Harry Redknapp May 2005 in Britain and Ireland Carolina Panthers FA Cup Ipswich Town F.C. Italy national football team Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina September 2005 in sports Auburn University Brett Favre Alan Shearer 1986 World Series American football Michael Schumacher 2005 Belgian Grand Prix Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Rick Santorum Glen Jacobs Denver Broncos Everton F.C. Theory of conduct Chicago Bulls Bristol Rugby 24 Hours of Le Mans Sid Gillman Pittsburgh Steelers Miami Dolphins The Quatermass Experiment Joe Paterno I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Texas Longhorn Athletics Peter Shilton Marching band Current teachings of Prem Rawat November 2004 in sports Vancouver Canucks Rugby union 2005 NBA Finals Kansas City Chiefs Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Leeds United F.C. Scotland national rugby union team Monday Night Football Maurice Richard Super Bowl XXXVIII FC Shakhtar Donetsk Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March Mail History of Test cricket (to 1883) Southern Methodist University New England Patriots 