for those who support barack obama can you tell me one thing he's done for the united states sponsored a resolution that would make it illegal to ask for id at the voting booth http obama senate gov press obama introdu index php voted against a bill that would provide health care for a failed abortion or in other words a child which is born healthy http www ilga gov legislation legisnet summary sb html the first is stupid the second is inhumane neither are traits i want in a president Barack Obama Alan Keyes 2004 Democratic National Convention Illinois HyperText Transfer Protocol U.S. Senate election, 2004 U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Abortion in the United States Barbara Boxer Hillary Rodham Clinton John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Partial-birth abortion HTML Congress of the United States Mitt Romney Rick Santorum Government of Illinois Web server North American Man/Boy Love Association U.S. House election, 2006 Amendments to the Constitution of Ireland United States Constitution Bill Frist Third party (United States) Bruce Johnson United States Senate Rick Perry Landslide victory Jack Ryan (Senate candidate) Republican Party (United States) Government of Maryland Paul Simon (politician) Article One of the United States Constitution Jimmy Carter United States Alabama Michael Steele Canadian Senate Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Alberto Gonzales President of the United States Florida Constitution Politics of Canada U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 2003 California recall Ajax (programming) Abortion debate Web page Heather Wilson Flag Desecration Amendment Robert L. Ehrlich Second Amendment to the United States Constitution Canadian House of Commons Governor of California Dennis Kucinich U.S. presidential election, 2004 Colorado Harold Ford, Jr. 39th Canadian federal election Ombudsman African Americans in the United States Congress Wget Supreme Court of the United States USA PATRIOT Act Russ Feingold Apache HTTP Server World Wide Web Hawaii George Pataki Canadian federal election, 2004 International Lesbian and Gay Association Abortion in Canada US health reform under FDR Parliament of the United Kingdom Uniform Resource Identifier Federal Marriage Amendment Ted Kennedy Domestic partnerships in California Same-sex marriage in the United States Rhode Island SAML Mike Ditka Roe v. Wade Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution British House of Commons Indiana Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act Act of Parliament Idaho Human rights in the United States John Edwards U.S. Senate election, 2006 US health reform 1912-1920 George W. Bush Martin J. O'Malley Pledge of Allegiance Web application 