as a father what is the most touching experiance you had with your daughter when we hugged eachother n cried bitterly seeing my wife in a critical condition after a horrible accident Le Malade imaginaire One Life to Live Father's Day (Doctor Who) Trojan War Minos Physical intimacy The Realm of the Elderlings/Characters Diana, Princess of Wales Janine Evans 50 First Dates James I of England Alaga__sia Stroke Joseph (Hebrew Bible) Friendship Traumatic brain injury Taken Darken Rahl Smallville (Season 1) Knots Landing Rais massacre Criticality accident Alexander I of Russia Memento (film) Charles Peace Identity Crisis (comics) King family The Human Stain Parsifal Nikita Koloff Brother Bear Panic attack L__ Bu Eurythmics Polgara the Sorceress Miss Saigon Trial and conviction of Dreyfus Alexander (film) A.J.P. Taylor H. G. Wells Fictional crossover Mart__n Fierro Marie Antoinette E. E. Cummings Spontaneous human combustion Sugo Terri Schiavo Newgrounds William M. Branham Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Mary I of England Polybius Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh Grandview, U.S.A. Die Walk__re Henry Pym Raging Abe Simpson and His Grumbling Grandson in "The Curse of the Flying Hellfish" Bernard Williams Batman: The Killing Joke Theseus Random Harvest Sam and Amanda Fowler Fritz Leiber Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Billy Joel David Vetter Hearsay Nuclear reactor MC Hammer Appeasement Excel Saga The Jazz Singer 1st Prince Chun The Mind of an Ape Dynasty (TV series) Strong Medicine Sunset Beach (soap opera) Days of our Lives Burrhus Frederic Skinner Alena John F. Kennedy, Jr. Obsessive-compulsive disorder The Archers Romulus and Remus Jonathan Edwards (theologian) Heidrek Supporting Characters (Xenogears) Icarus (mythology) Episodes of Lost (Season 2) InuYasha (character) Brian Boru Like Father, Like Clown Ayrton Senna Dallas (TV series) Rock Lee Edward VIII of the United Kingdom Space Shuttle Columbia disaster Charles Churchill Roswell UFO incident 