which would be worse for us non fundies the rapture or a mitt romney presidency i hope to hell the rapture comes before a romney presidency for real i doubt romney will win but i thought there was no way in hell bush got re elected so i have no foresight in predicting politics go obama g'bama Mitt Romney U.S. presidential election, 2008 Barack Obama Rapture 2004 Republican National Convention Ted Kennedy U.S. Senate election, 2004 Jon Huntsman, Jr. George W. Romney Alan Keyes Gordon B. Hinckley Massachusetts George W. Bush Republican Party (United States) Christian eschatology The Machine Economic history of the United States Marion G. Romney 2004 Democratic National Convention U.S. House election, 2006 2002 Winter Olympics Democratic Party (United States) Romney Marsh 2002 Winter Olympic bid scandal Read my lips: no new taxes Harvard Business School Rick Santorum George H. W. Bush Jeb Bush Rudy Giuliani New Hampshire primary Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway Prediction market U.S. presidential election, 2000 Paul Simon (politician) Book of Revelation Satan Gerhard Schr__der U.S. Electoral College John Titor Romney, West Virginia Left Behind Bertie Ahern 12th Street Riot Immortality University of Massachusetts Spiro Agnew U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Irish Republicanism Packard Purgatory University of Massachusetts Amherst Michael Steele Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Rotten borough Avenue Q Massachusetts Turnpike James Soong End times Canadian federal election, 2004 Bush family ROC legislative election, 2004 Sin City Plurality electoral system Acting President of the United States Jesse Jackson Landslide victory Technological singularity New Romney Operation Market Garden Vito Fossella Barry Goldwater U.S. Senate election, 2006 Leviathan (book) Pseudoscience New Brunswick Opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War Thank God It's Doomsday Maxine Waters Canadian federal election, 2000 Timeline of unfulfilled Christian Prophecy Development hell George Romney (painter) Natural-born citizen Judy Baar Topinka Lee Atwater Rob Portman Jimmy Carter Springfield, Massachusetts Vicente Fox Olympia Snowe Apocalyptic literature U.S. presidential election, 1948 Urantia U.S. presidential election, 2004 Mark Latham Molecular nanotechnology Thailand legislative election, 2005 Ralph Nader Tactical voting 