i never pull sickies but feel like one today go on somebody gives us a good excuse tell them you have a very important football match to watch the toon Newcastle United F.C. Football (soccer) Denis Law Norway national football team Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Football in England Australian words Brazil national football team Sheffield United F.C. Lead and follow (dance) Formation (football) Power Rangers Alister (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Australian rules football Babs and Buster Bunny Treehouse of Horror IX Who Framed Roger Rabbit Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Ally McLeod Match fixing Teen Girl Squad Essendon Football Club Poker jargon Toon Disney Sport Rugby union Teamo Supremo Dunstable Town F.C. Jim Ross Internet fraud Tiny Toon Adventures Torquay United F.C. Football in Argentina Telstra Stadium Football World Cup 1934 Everton F.C. Charlie Brown Bramall Lane Chess (musical) University of Chicago Japanese sports Batting (cricket) Recess (TV series) Brian Close Pinky and the Brain June 2005 in Britain and Ireland Trapped in the Closet Good Times American Psycho The Football League Bill Goldberg Football (soccer) positions UEFA Intertoto Cup Jim Thorpe Testimonial match Gaelic football Sydney Riot of 1879 Professional wrestling match types AFL-NFL Merger The Catcher in the Rye Cliff Bastin Victorian Football League Football in Sweden 2004 European Football Championship Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics Football World Cup 2002 NFL on television National pastime Roy Keane Australian Football League Troms__ I.L. Midfielder Hey Jude Bugs Bunny U.S. Pro Vercelli Calcio Daniel Passarella Toad Patrol Jaap Stam Peter Shilton Trainspotting (novel) Football culture Sudden death Shane Warne England national football team National Football League Ultimate (sport) Piccolo (Dragon Ball) Luke and Laura Spencer Football World Cup Football West Ham United F.C. Argentina national football team League Cup Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Denmark national football team Women's football (soccer) Adelaide United FC Teacher's Pet (Disney) 