how can i get everything i want without having to do any work senator congress United States Senate Congress of the United States U.S. Congressional committee U.S. Congressional Delegations from Delaware Senate of the Philippines Thomas R. Carper United States House of Representatives President pro tempore of the United States Senate House of Representatives of the Philippines Dennis Chavez Spanish Senate 109th United States Congress Federal government of the United States Confederate Congress Eighth United States Congress U.S. Congressional Delegations from Michigan U.S. House election, 2004 U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary First United States Congress Andrew Johnson Seventh United States Congress Article Two of the United States Constitution Seventeenth United States Congress Fifteenth United States Congress Tenth United States Congress Twenty-ninth United States Congress Sixteenth United States Congress Seventy-seventh United States Congress Ninth United States Congress U.S. Congress Joint Committee on the Library Eleventh United States Congress Twenty-first United States Congress Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Twelfth United States Congress Thirteenth United States Congress Thirtieth United States Congress Twenty-seventh United States Congress Article One of the United States Constitution Twenty-fifth United States Congress Twenty-fourth United States Congress Twentieth United States Congress Fourteenth United States Congress Eighteenth United States Congress Article Five of the United States Constitution Thirty-first United States Congress Spanish legislative election, 2004 Twenty-second United States Congress Congressional Black Caucus Twenty-eighth United States Congress State legislature Vice President of the United States Southern Democrats Twenty-sixth United States Congress Copyright Term Extension Act Tom Daschle Samuel Smith (politician) Republican Party (United States) Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Patrick Leahy Olympia Snowe Nineteenth United States Congress Contempt of Congress Wayne Allard Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Richard Russell, Jr. Felix Grundy Debbie Stabenow Charles Kramer Twenty-third United States Congress Thirty-second United States Congress Jim Jeffords U.S. Senate election, 2004 Secretary of the Senate Lot M. Morrill Eighty-eighth United States Congress Isham G. Harris U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Robert Byrd 104th United States Congress Elections in Spain Trent Lott Charles Curtis Second United States Congress 103rd United States Congress National Congress of Bolivia John J. Crittenden Equal Rights Amendment Richard Shelby 102nd United States Congress Fourth United States Congress Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution Hoover Dam Littleton Waller Tazewell Politics of Chile William R. King 105th United States Congress Fifth United States Congress Supreme Court of the United States Third United States Congress Don Nickles 