whats your hometown what's so great about it mine is milpitas ca its a small city in california its nothing much but it was home for years of my life huntington west virginia it is a pretty little town and it is easy to find your way around most places it is the second biggest town in the entire state it was home for the first years of my life sm Huntington, West Virginia Milpitas, California Huntington Beach, California West Virginia Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Ohio River Newsweek's List of the 1,000 Top U.S. Schools (2005) Charles Town, West Virginia Newport News, Virginia Virginia Peninsula Town Huntington Park, California Collis P. Huntington U.S. Highway 1 Lost counties, cities, and towns of Virginia National Scenic Byway Suffolk County, New York Southern California Sacramento, California Barboursville, West Virginia Norfolk and Western Railway Counties of the United States Orange, California Warwick County, Virginia U.S. Highway 66 Indiana state highways U.S. Highway 52 California State Route 4 Robert Byrd California State Route 237 San Jose, California Marshall University USS West Virginia (ACR-5) Undergrads Waynesboro, Virginia U.S. Highway 6 Milpitas High School Romney, West Virginia Building the Virginian Railway Vienna, Virginia State university College town Babylon (town), New York Huntington, New York Northern Virginia Reno, Nevada California locations by per capita income Ghost town Great Mall of the Bay Area Abbie G. Rogers Wheeling, West Virginia South Hampton Roads Political subdivisions of New York State San Andreas (state) Samuel Huntington (statesman) Alexandria, Virginia William N. Page Tallest structures in the United States Parkersburg, West Virginia Corporation of Ranson, West Virginia Cabell County, West Virginia San Marino, California USS Robert K. Huntington (DD-781) Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority Henry H. Rogers Knott's Berry Farm Sugar Land, Texas Virginian Railway York City Knights Bluefield, West Virginia Steve Martin RuneScape locations Central Pacific Railroad Norway national football team Berryessa Creek Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad Twin cities Virginia Central Railroad Bath (Berkeley Springs), West Virginia 99 Ranch Market Chester 1898 invasion of Guant__namo Bay Pasadena, California Interstate 73 Independent city U.S. Highway 50 Virginia Chesterfield Railroad California State Route 39 Los Angeles County, California Interstate 64 Huntington's disease Norfolk, Virginia Mickey Mantle Whitewater Martins Ferry, Ohio Charleston, West Virginia Arnold Bennett 