city councilman at large does he belong in jail what does at large mean like an escaped convict is at large and geraldo at large what really does at large mean at large usually means that they do not represent any specific district they represent all of the voters Single Transferable Vote Elections in the United States District Caldwell, New Jersey Corporation of London Harrison, New Jersey Plurality electoral system Election Frank Rizzo Maryland County Executive Election, 2006 Red Bank, New Jersey United States House of Representatives West Orange, New Jersey House of Lords Elections in Japan U.S. Electoral College Proportional representation Wilson Goode Westchester County, New York Emanuel Cleaver Aberdeen, Maryland Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Constituency David Cohen Sugar Land, Texas United States Senate S__o Paulo (state) Prison Tom DeLay U.S. House election, 2006 Bayonet Constitution Jean Schmidt Northampton County, Pennsylvania Staten Island Unreformed House of Commons Politics of the United States Patriotic Union (Colombia) Harold Ford, Sr. House of Representatives of the Philippines Elections in Malaysia Pan Am Flight 73 Martin J. O'Malley Democracy Calgary East (provincial electoral district) City (New Jersey) Diet of Japan Geraldo Rivera Mike Harris Representation (politics) Philadelphia City Council Town meeting Gerrymandering John F. Street Additional Member System Canadian House of Commons Florida Central Voter File House of Representatives (Fiji) Federal government of the United States Isaac Parker Voting system Martin Luther King, Jr. Military prison Henderson, Nevada Wes Cooley Palatine, Illinois Politics of Israel California government and politics History of Washington, D.C. Convictism in Western Australia Borough Rob Portman Lynching in the United States Alain Jupp__ Canadian Senate divisions Lyndon LaRouche U.S. Presidential campaigns Ben Cardin Crime in Australia Vito Fossella Cavite City Life imprisonment Tom Metzger Vote Elections in Jersey Governor of Maryland Folketing Camden, New Jersey Belgium Virginia Beach, Virginia Political scandals of the United States U.S. presidential election, 2004 Elections in the United Kingdom American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Capital punishment Congress of the United States Katherine Harris Disfranchisement Curt Weldon Some Time in New York City Single non-transferable vote Voting rights in Washington, D.C. 