poll would you push boy george off a cliff i like boy george and would be sad of course he would ask do you really want to hurt me Cliff Richard Boy George Opinion poll Battle of Alma Log Cabin Republicans Cindy Sheehan BBC's 100 Greatest Britons Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness A.I. (film) Culture Club George W. Bush Germaine Greer Push poll Love and Theft Georges-Pierre Seurat Shaggy dog story 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities George M. Cohan Ontario Liberal Party U.S. presidential election, 2000 Homer Simpson Moss v. Bush George Burns Mississippi John Hurt The Wedding Present Boys from the Blackstuff Brian Wilson Brit Awards Nineteen Eighty-Four (TV programme) Teen Girl Squad Lee Atwater Idaho Bowl Championship Series Plame affair Famous last words Ganesha White cliffs of Dover Nintendo Power Snooker Speakerboxxx/The Love Below EMI Timeline-191 Friday Night with Jonathan Ross Triple J Hottest 100, 1993 The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Manic Street Preachers Please Please Me Alois Hitler OutKast Democratic Party (United States) Rush (band) Aerial (dance move) Boy band Pip (South Park episode) U.S. presidential election, 1972 Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Pitaten R.E.M. (band) Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents David Miller Charles Haughey Negative campaigning Little Boy Lost Kissing to Be Clever America Eats Its Young Canadian federal election, 2004 Dead Like Me The Hardy Boys The Karate Kid, Part III 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression The Shadows Let It Be Hillary Rodham Clinton The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Bono Under the Red Sky U.S. House election, 2006 Iraq War The Beach Boys Today! Beach Boys' Party! Liberal Party (UK) Indiana Pacers Home run 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Billy Corgan Read my lips: no new taxes The Easybeats The Beach Boys 2004 U.S. election voting controversies Academy Award for Original Music Score Billy Ocean Darth Vader Eddie Guerrero Band Aid (band) Christmas song George VI of the United Kingdom Princess Leia Male prostitute The Smashing Pumpkins U.S. presidential election, 1936 