poll polls or surveys one or the other which ones do you like to answer better random questions Statistical survey Match Game 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Random variable Sampling (statistics) Same-sex marriage in Canada Margin of error Bayes' theorem Census Atheism Stochastic process Index of perception of corruption Quantum computer British national identity card Australian legislative election, 2004 Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents Assassination Chilean presidential election, 2005 Green Party of Canada Monarchy in Canada Turing machine Creation-evolution controversy George W. Bush George Gallup Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2005 Slashdot subculture Family Feud David Cameron Estimation theory 2003 Invasion of Iraq Russ Potts The Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Louis Riel Sexual orientation U.S. presidential election, 2004 Scientific opinion on climate change Karelia question Demographics of sexual orientation Many-worlds interpretation Dutch referendum on the European Constitution Plate tectonics William A. Dembski 2003 California recall Unidentified flying object Trade war over genetically modified food U.S. presidential election, 2004, exit polls Demographics of the United States RuneScape Random Events Milgram experiment Cornish people Hidden variable theory Oracle machine Questionnaire construction Vote counting systems Abortion in Canada Randomness Telemarketing Ross Perot Cult Marketing research Prime Minister's Questions $ale of the Century Factor analysis Creationism Iraq War U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 J. R. R. Tolkien Complexity classes P and NP 2005 Philippine electoral crisis BPP Question Time (television) The Mole Robert Graves Michael Howard France Meaning of life Chess variant Jack Straw (politician) You Don't Know Jack Arab-Israeli conflict Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Quantitative marketing research 9/11 conspiracy theories Young Earth creationism Channel One News Rockall Monty Hall problem Russian Roulette (game show) Prediction market Bill Clinton Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Mauno Koivisto Venezuelan recall referendum, 2004 Science Bowl Abortion Randomized algorithm Nonprobability sampling Education in the United States 