what are replacement notes bills worth i have several bills with a star as the last digit in the serial number i read online that they are not worth any more than face value or very very little more i know what they are but am wondering if i should keep the ones i saved will they ever be worth anything i am leaving for a trip and need money also i have about dollars worth of bicentennial quarters should i keep these too thanks everything gains vallue as long as they are mint go to the yahoo search line and type in your bill denomination and the word value and you will get what you are looking for good luck i would hold onto it United States dollar Money U.S. two-dollar bill Canadian dollar New Zealand dollar U.S. ten-dollar bill Hyperinflation U.S. five-dollar bill On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences Australian dollar United States Mint U.S. one hundred-dollar bill U.S. fifty-dollar bill Jamaican dollar United States dollar coin U.S. twenty-dollar bill Euro Farthing (coin) Yen Hong Kong dollar Nickel (U.S. coin) Legal tender Philippine peso Wheel of Fortune Counterfeit Pataca Microsoft Dime (U.S. coin) United States coinage $ale of the Century Contract bridge Sacagawea Dollar Euro banknotes In God We Trust Mexican peso Romanian leu Ringgit Liberty Dollar Silver Certificate Maneki Neko Double Eagle (U.S. coin) Bond Password Royal Canadian Mint Money supply The Joker's Wild Pound sterling Credit card Ra (board game) Interest English plural Poker jargon Currency Gresham's law Hell Bank Notes Treasury security History of the halfpenny Press Your Luck Rupiah Monopoly (game) Capital accumulation New Orleans Mint New Taiwan dollar Turkish lira Let's Make a Deal FairTax Eisenhower Dollar Kuwaiti dinar United States commemorative coin Chess Slot machine History of the British penny (1714-1901) History of the threepence Winning Streak 1 (number) Enron Corporation Argentine peso Kennedy half dollar XERF Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME British coin Guinea Inflation Paul Is Dead History of the English penny (1154-1485) Rand (currency) Pyramid (game show) Legal research Musical Instrument Digital Interface Deflation (economics) Gmail The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Federalist Papers U.S. public debt Roman currency Copy protection JSG Boggs Analog-to-digital converter Ruble 