a coin with the head of the queen wearing a necklace is it worth any more than wow apparently nobody else noticed that the pound coins all have an earlier portrait of the queen the one that you are mentioning than the and later coins in uncirculated as new condition the pound is worth slightly more than face value to a collector in average circulated condition they are worth only face value actually all uk coins changed to the later current portrait of the queen in United States dollar United States dollar coin British coin Guinea Australian dollar Canadian dollar History of the halfpenny Farthing (coin) British coinage Nickel (U.S. coin) Legal tender History of the threepence Pound sterling British Five Pound coin Coin collecting Irish pound Euro coins Coin flipping New Zealand dollar Maundy money United States Mint British Twenty-Five Pence coin Mexican peso Romanian leu Yen Roman currency Gold sovereign Morgan Dollar Bank of England British Two Pound coin History of the British penny (1901-1970) British banknotes Money Coin Baht British coin Florin Livre tournois U.S. fifty-dollar bill Counterfeit U.S. one hundred-dollar bill U.S. ten-dollar bill Double Eagle (U.S. coin) Gresham's law Dime (U.S. coin) British One Pound coin U.S. twenty-dollar bill Affair of the diamond necklace Italian lira Singapore dollar U.S. five-dollar bill Money in Harry Potter Sacagawea Dollar Jersey pound Decimal Day Argentine peso Z__oty Jamaican dollar Hong Kong dollar Commonwealth Realm Eisenhower Dollar Coinage of the Republic of Ireland History of the British penny (1714-1901) Philippine peso Playing card Royal Canadian Mint Franc Bahamian dollar Deutsche Mark U.S. two-dollar bill Shilling History of the English penny (1485-1603) Hyperinflation Gold standard Stamp collecting Order of Canada Euro Ringgit Byzantine coinage Maltese lira Sex Pistols Banknotes of the Republic of Ireland Coin grading Blackjack American Gold Eagle Rupiah Shroud of Turin Philadelphia Mint Dwight D. Eisenhower Thaler Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom Jersey Pa'anga Eurozone Britannia Antoninianus 1933 Double Eagle Penny (U.S. coin) Diego Vel__zquez Entropy New Turkish lira English coin Noble 