why does the dollar hadn't change for the past years i mean the appearance of the money bill that is it hadn't change a bit unlike the other countries where they have coup de'etat every once in a while once the president or the head of state is ousted they have a new set of money depicting the new face of the president in the dollar bill what is the legend of this unfinished pyramid and the all seeing eye above it could you give a hint sorry i am not an american nor live there thank god that is why i am just curious of asking this stupid question about your mighty dollar except the simple modification of the faces of the people inside the dollar what is the more recent new about the dollar could you cite one instead of lecturing me on how to look for them in the library that is why i am asking it here instead of going there would you mind try this link http en wikipedia org wiki united states one dollar bill United States dollar Canadian dollar Uniform Resource Locator Game show Eye of Providence Wiki United States dollar coin Coup d'__tat U.S. one dollar bill U.S. five-dollar bill U.S. one hundred-dollar bill Great Seal of the United States Kill Bill U.S. ten-dollar bill U.S. two-dollar bill Domain Name System President of the United States Hyperinflation Military opposition to the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji) Halo (video game series) Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Microsoft Hong Kong dollar In God We Trust Paul Is Dead Pyramid (game show) History of the halfpenny Mythology Social Security debate (United States) Jeopardy! 2004 Haiti rebellion Rais massacre Wikisource BitTorrent Liberia The Joker's Wild Military unrest since the Fiji coup of 2000 Acting President of the United States Wikipedia Bill Gates Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Exchange rate History of United States imperialism Centre Party (Germany) Mauritania Princess Zelda Argentine economic crisis (1999-2002) Laisenia Qarase HTTP cookie Linux United States Senate Teach the Controversy Counterfeit Royal Assent U.S. public debt U.S. intervention in Chile President of Argentina Status of religious freedom in Malaysia Arthur Laffer Wario Legal tender Wheel of Fortune French language Mensal__o scandal Canadian Senate Social rule United States House of Representatives Head of state Hitchhiking Nuclear option (filibuster) United Church of Christ The nature of God in Western theology President of Ireland Minimum wage The Legend of Zelda series enemies Ralph Waldo Emerson Dollar Ken Jennings Responsibility for the September 11, 2001 attacks Nickel (U.S. coin) Wget Book of Revelation Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo El Salvador Philosophy The Bionic Woman 1933 Double Eagle Asian financial crisis Dollar diplomacy New Orleans Mint Monetary policy Set (mythology) History of the threepence Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Christopher Marlowe Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution Dime (U.S. coin) Prime Minister of Canada 