geography at university in england help i have no idea what universities have good reputation or are any good im looking at nottingham royal holloway kings and ucl but ive also heard lots about lecster leeds sheffield staffordshire southampton ect and im so confused any advice would help alot thanks x you can learn which places have the best overall rankings from things like the times and guardian university rankings plus the research assessment exercise rankings these are all easy to find using a search engine i did a quick check myself and these are almost all top schools if you find that there are many places with similar rankings then go to a few of them on visit days and decide where you would like to live for three years and where you would feel most comfortable also they may have different specialties which don't affect their overall rankings but might affect which one you'd like to attend University of London British Collegiate American Football League Royal Holloway, University of London University College London College and university rankings England Brian Clough Russell Group University of Nottingham Royal Assent Independent school (UK) Royal Corps of Signals Royal Engineers University of Bristol FA Cup University of Southampton Redcliffe-Maud Report Physician Appeal Cornwall League Tables of British Universities FA Premier League Sheffield Hallam University Dyslexia 2004-05 in English football Education in Germany Alex Ferguson Legal research Autism Sheffield Search engine optimization John of England King's College London Unreformed House of Commons Portsmouth F.C. University of Essex Nottingham Forest F.C. Chess strategy and tactics British universities Baroque chess Equine conformation Nottingham Milton H. Erickson Debugging English cricket team History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) Buckingham Palace Education in Hong Kong Imperial College London Parliament of the United Kingdom Structure of the British Army Columbia University R.S.C. Anderlecht Texas A&M University Association of Commonwealth Universities Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Anne of Great Britain University of Sheffield Alcoholics Anonymous Education in the United States FA Premier League 1995-96 Korea University Education in the Republic of Ireland W.I.T.C.H. FA Premier League 1992-93 City University, London Manchester United F.C. Time Out of Mind Richard Feynman Leeds Development of Darwin's theory Education in Australia Propaedeutic value of Esperanto Medicine FA Premier League 1993-94 ONS coding system Scenes from a Memory Stuttering Charmed Professor Museums in England Charles Peace Education in Portugal Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Sampling (music) University of Alabama at Birmingham Escape of Charles II WCBS-FM Pitaten Sheffield United F.C. Electroconvulsive therapy Weezer Queens Park Rangers F.C. University of Leeds University of California, San Diego Dentistry History of Arsenal F.C. The Football League 