in super paper mario for the wii i cant find merlee please help she's in flopside on the second floor she's the fortune teller if you haven't beaten the second world yet however she's in the mansion at gloam valley if this is a more specific question and you're searching for her in the mansion she's hiding in the girl's bathroom in the far left i'm pretty sure about that toilet Toilet Paper Mario Luigi's Mansion Luigi Fecal incontinence Mario Japanese toilet Koopa Troopa Super Mario remake series Euphemism Joke Super Mario Bros. 3 Bathroom Super Mario Advance 4 Toilet paper Edward Teller Nintendo GameCube Super Mario Bros. Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Mario series enemies Super Mario World Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Charles Ponzi Goomba Mario Is Missing! Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario Sunshine Nintendo Power Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Toad (Nintendo) Mansion Super Mario 64 Winchester Mystery House Lakitu Super Mario Bros. television series Caravaggio Bidet Game show The Haunted Mansion The Shining (film) Banjo-Kazooie Anne Frank Toilet humour Jackass: The Movie V.F.D. Washroom EastEnders Akuma (Street Fighter) Mushroom Kingdom Super Mario All-Stars Boss (video games) Professor E. Gadd Toilet-related injury Koji Kondo Diddy Kong Urinal Super Nintendo Entertainment System Yoshi Milton H. Erickson Doki Doki Panic Wilton House Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Animal Crossing Double Dragon Wario Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario Land Mario Bros. Princess Zelda Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins White House Dormitory The Phantom Manor Mouser Menstrual cup Fire Flower Hogwarts Floor Directory E-Reader Avatar: The Last Airbender Holly Lodge Estate Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario 128 Sin City Kimberly-Clark Corporation Chatsworth House Binary search Lisa Simpson The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Xiaolin Showdown Mario Pinball Land Super Mushroom Princess Peach Fancy Crane RuneScape quests Player's Choice Super Mario Bros. (film) Super Mario Kart Flintheart Glomgold Eugene Wigner 