need some virtual console wii help what are some good fun games i can download i already have super mario land and starfox mario bros warios woods and the first zelda thanks in advance i think one of the best games you can buy off the virtual consle is super mario it may cost points but it has a lot of gameplay it's not another one of those sidescollers it's an actual d view game it has a lot of worlds too and a lot of levels that go with them Wario Nintendo Power Nintendo Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario 64 Super Mario remake series Super Mario World Super Mario Bros. Mario Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Nintendo GameCube Super Mario Bros. 2 Video game music Computer and video games Super Mario All-Stars Koji Kondo Game Boy Mario series enemies Nintendo Revolution Super Mario 64 DS Mario Bros. Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars The Legend of Zelda series Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Wario World Game Boy Advance Platform game Mario Kart 64 Super Mario Land Super Smash Bros. Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past Player's Choice Nintendo DS Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario Advance 4 Boss (video games) Nintendo 64 Super Mario 128 Lakitu Super Smash Bros. Melee Yoshi Nintendo Entertainment System Mushroom Kingdom Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Bowser Speedrun History of computer and video games Wario's Woods Super Mario Kart Classic NES Series Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario Strikers ROM hacking Donkey Kong The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Sega Computer role-playing game Paper Mario Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Mario Kart DS The Legend of Zelda Luigi Daigasso! Band Brothers Famicom Disk System Waluigi Animal Crossing Mario Kart Bob-omb Koopa Troopa The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Super Mario Bros. television series Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Mario Kart Super Circuit Video game character Interactive Achievement Awards Fire Emblem The Wizard (film) Nintendo Virtual Boy Intelligent Systems E-Reader Star Fox BS Zelda: Kodai no Sekiban Computer and video game genres Rare (video game company) Birdo Fire Flower Wario Land 4 Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Console game Goomba Nintendo Comics System Tetris Attack Wart (Nintendo) Final Fantasy: Crystal Chronicles Tatanga Enhanced remake 