Differential production of Th1- and Th2-derived cytokines does not determine the genetically controlled or vaccine-induced rate of cure in murine visceral leishmaniasis.
 Recent studies with models of cutaneous leishmaniasis have provoked much interest in the role of CD4+ T cell subsets in determining the outcome of infectious disease.
 In Leishmania major infections, cure vs progressive disease correlates with the expansion of Th1-like or Th2-like CD4+ populations, respectively.
 We have investigated whether similar responses are associated with the differential patterns of infection seen in models of visceral leishmaniasis, caused by L.
 donovani.
 Splenic lymphocytes from infected Lsh congenic C57BL/10 (Lshs;H-2b) and B10.L-Lshr (Lshr;H-2b) mice and MHC congenic non-curing B10.D2/n (Lshs;H-2d) mice were examined for the production of cytokines representative of these CD4+ populations (IL-2, IL-3, IL-4, IL-5, and IFN-gamma).
 In all three strains examined, there was no evidence for the production of Th2-restricted cytokines.
 In addition, levels of serum IgE were depressed during the early phase of infection, indicative of in vivo IFN-gamma production.
 In the non-curing B10.D2/n strain, late phase of infection was associated with the decreased ability to produce cytokines in response to Ag and not with the production of IL-4 or IL-5 in response to Ag or mitogen.
 Serum IgE levels were also not raised above levels seen in uninfected controls.
 C57BL/10 mice were vaccinated with SDS-PAGE fractionated amastigote Ag bound to nitrocellulose and cytokine levels determined at various times after infection.
 The protocol used for vaccination was able to induce significant modulation of the course of infection in this strain and it was clear that IFN-gamma production in vitro provided an excellent correlate of rate of cure.
 Occasional individuals produced low levels of IL-5 in culture in response to parasite Ag, but this did not correlate with disease progression.
 Together, these data suggest that over-expansion of Th2-type cells and production of their specific cytokines (IL-4 and IL-5) is not a contributing factor to the variable long term course of L.
 donovani infection in these strains of mice.
