hey how can you make two peaple that have been friends for over thirty years and now their enimes for about well there are two guyz that have been friends since when they were in dypers one day agirl just came in their lives and both of them like the girl thats when they started fight because they love this girl and none of them asked the girl out well they are old enough to solve their own problems but if you are trying to help you could always remind them of all the fun they had while growing up Hey Arnold! The Beach Boys About a Boy Pitaten Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys W.I.T.C.H. Spice Girls Billboard Hot 100 Avenue Q Kodocha Cyndi Lauper Doug Sex and the City Beatles for Sale Oh My Goddess! Futurama (TV series - season 5) Mike Love Mary Jane Watson The Chemical Brothers South Park Cliff Richard The 7th Guest Friends K' Girls Just Want To Have Fun (single) Aladdin (1992 film) The Ashlee Simpson Show Harem anime Birthday Jean Grey Kurt Cobain One Tree Hill (TV series) Can't Hardly Wait No Doubt Tom the Dancing Bug Gwen Stefani The Adventures of Pete & Pete Current teachings of Prem Rawat Rent (musical) Morning Musume Anne Boleyn Care Bears Billy Joel Soap opera Bing Crosby Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide Tupac Shakur C. S. Lewis Revolutionary Girl Utena Gilmore Girls Great Teacher Onizuka Toy Story 2 KaBlam! Cardcaptor Sakura Vandread Romulus and Remus Mnemonic Panay incident Good Morning, Vietnam Undergrads Humphrey Bogart Future-Drama Magical girl Social rule The Family from One End Street My Life as a Teenage Robot Fight Club Buffy Summers Love Hina main characters Very special episode Jon Secada Protestantism Camp Lazlo The Beatles discography Recurring South Park characters Faith (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Girl (Destiny's Child song) Empire Burlesque The Marriage of Figaro The Emancipation of Mimi Girls Aloud Ludwig Wittgenstein Miss Saigon The Golden Girls Creativity Fantastic Four Earth Girl Arjuna The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Hey Ya! Blood on the Tracks St. Elmo's Fire (film) Lyte Funky Ones Peter Pan FoxTrot Kylie Minogue R. Kelly Smallville (Season 3) The O.C. 