who is jackp and why does he have me blocked was it something i said i don't even know what questions he has asked weird sometimes i'll come across random people who have blocked me and i have no idea who they are or what i said to offend upset them i wish i could find out but being blocked i have no way of doing so Milton H. Erickson Randomness God Emperor of Dune Whose Line Is It Anyway? Sexual orientation "Weird Al" Yankovic Error correction and detection The Apprentice 2 Avenue Q Spam Prevention Early Warning System Consensus decision-making Boom Town (Doctor Who) Jeopardy! in culture Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina David Hume Bad Wolf Shaggy dog story The Doctor Dances Blue Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Surveillance RuneScape cheats Have I Got News For You The Zone John Kerr You Don't Know Jack Probation officer Meaning of life Little Britain The Ashlee Simpson Show Fred A. Leuchter Normal distribution Theory of conduct BitTorrent Friends Cryptographic hash function Aqua Teen Hunger Force Live 8 A New Kind of Science German student movement Prior restraint Missingno. Block cipher Rick Santorum What's My Line? Social rule Cryptographically secure pseudo-random number generator RuneScape Random Events Cryptanalysis Big Brother (USA TV series) Jennifer Lopez Military unrest since the Fiji coup of 2000 Super Bowl Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Block cipher modes of operation The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Random variable Blowfish (cipher) Michael P. Fay Tom Coburn Ben Johnson (athlete) New Kids on the Block Origin of life H.P. Lovecraft The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary to Quintessential Phases Jenga Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Aladdin (1992 film) Moblin The Trial Intranet CPU cache PaX Blockbusters (game show) One-time pad Hunter S. Thompson Left-handed Data Encryption Standard U.S. Electoral College Space Ghost Coast to Coast Piccolo Junior Saga Friend-to-friend American Psycho Nobilis Inception of Darwin's theory Differential cryptanalysis Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure Verlan Internet troll Mao (game) The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Mortal Kombat Weak key Minnesota Vikings sex scandal Sydney Riot of 1879 Probability Plame affair William A. Dembski Texas v. Johnson Orthogonal matrix Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare 