on r s who would you vote for for president based on common sense not christian or non christian boy i had to word this just right or i couldn't get the computer to let me put it on r s i don' t want the job i'll say who i would vote for at the end of this when i choose ba there is only one anti war candidate ron paul a vote for anyone else is a vote for more war Canadian House of Commons Speaker of the British House of Commons Republic Christian right Ron Paul U.S. presidential election, 1988 Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe President of Ireland Family Coalition Party candidates, 2003 Ontario provincial election British House of Commons Green Party candidates, 2004 Canadian federal election Democratic Party (United States) Plurality electoral system Anti-Mormonism Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 2005 Libertarian Party (United States) 2004 Democratic National Convention George Galloway Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Bill Clinton U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Napoleon B. Broward Ross Perot Politics of Canada Moss v. Bush Same-sex marriage in Canada United States House of Representatives Green Party candidates, 2003 Ontario provincial election Ken Livingstone United States Senate Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution Single Transferable Vote Christian Heritage Party of Canada President of Germany U.S. presidential election, 2000 Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace Franklin Pierce Federal Marriage Amendment Second Vatican Council Canadian federal election, 2004 Vice President of the United States U.S. Electoral College Anti-aircraft warfare Proportional representation James K. Polk Voting system Saeima President of the United States Characters on The West Wing U.S. presidential election, 1796 Christian anarchism Instant-runoff voting Edward Heath Cathedral Preferential voting Christian Heritage Party candidates, 2004 Canadian federal election U.S. Senate election, 2006 Barbara Boxer U.S. presidential election, 1852 Motion of no confidence Iranian presidential election, 2005 New Republic (Star Wars) Patrick Hillery U.S. Senate election, 2004 Holy Orders Paul Hackett Barack Obama Norm Coleman Politics of Chile Politics of the United States Central African Republic elections, 2005 Freedom Party candidates, 2003 Ontario provincial election London mayoral election, 2004 Elections in the United States Salvador Allende American liberalism Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 6 U.S. presidential election, 1960 U.S. presidential election, 2008 George W. Bush Democratic National Convention Jeff Gannon U.S. presidential election, 1872 Royal Canadian Air Farce Conservative Party of Canada Nuclear option (filibuster) Original sin New Zealand general election 1996 President Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Tom DeLay U.S. presidential election, 1860 U.S. presidential election, 2004 Paul Is Dead Referendum Alliance (New Zealand political party) Alex Ferguson Al Gore Bryan Robson Presuppositional apologetics 