would america support fred thompson and his supposed trophy wife years younger than him http www nytimes com f do you think america would support this candidate and his young voluptuous wife would she wear such cleavage revealing dresses to formal white house dinners when meeting with dignitaries all articles says she is very intelligent and a strong woman however will the fact that she dresses and looks like a call girl hurt his possible candidacy i ask this in r s because fred thompson is a republican and the republican base is made up of far right wing conservative people who call themselves christians would you conservative christian republicans give this guy the nomination any concern about his wife he married the person he loves why is that a crime all of a sudden when he declares his candidacy he will have my full support also i'm an agnostic not a christian but i fully support any republican candidate over any democratic candidate Democratic Party (United States) Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2008 Karl Rove Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 John McCain Christian right Bush Supreme Court candidates Plame affair U.S. presidential election, 2004 Social Credit Party of Canada Libertarian Party (United States) President of the United States Family First Party U.S. presidential election, 1972 American liberalism U.S. House election, 2006 Philippine general election, 2004 Politics of the United States U.S. presidential election, 1912 Jean Schmidt U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Pat Buchanan Condoleezza Rice Vice President of the United States U.S. Electoral College Nuclear option (filibuster) Hillary Rodham Clinton The West Wing (television) Joe Lieberman Joe Biden Russ Feingold 2004 Democratic National Convention Ku Klux Klan Robert F. Kennedy Marriage Howard Dean United Kingdom general election, 2005 National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States Al Sharpton George W. Bush Agnosticism Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Henry IV of France Whig Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1980 Olympia Snowe Read my lips: no new taxes Zell Miller U.S. presidential election, 1964 Governor General of Canada Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2005 Tom Brinkman Margaret Thatcher Speaker of the British House of Commons United States House of Representatives Cooperative Commonwealth Federation candidates, 1953 Manitoba provincial election Republic Religious Society of Friends Third party (United States) Harriet Miers Jeb Bush Conservative Party of Canada Lamar Alexander Franklin Pierce Brian Lenihan U.S. presidential election, 2000 Commander in Chief (television) Green Party candidates, 2004 Canadian federal election 2004 Republican National Convention Avenue Q MoveOn Unification Church John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Louise McIntosh Slaughter The Inside Parti Qu__b__cois leadership election, 2005 American Conservatism Newt Gingrich Harry S. Truman Judy Baar Topinka Characters on The West Wing Plame affair timeline Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom Southern strategy Mitt Romney Green Party of Canada Federal Marriage Amendment John Edwards The Handmaid's Tale Proportional representation French law on secularity and conspicuous religious symbols in schools Ralph Nader John Lindsay Robert Patrick Casey, Jr. Politics of Hong Kong 