is a bill worth anything more than at work we received a that is in very good condition there is a crease down the middle but it looks like it may have happened when someone took it from their parents collection i'm just assuming here the bill is from the cleaveland ohio federal reserve bank the serial number is d a on the back it has printed just to the right of the white house serues if c i realize paper currency isn't usually worth much more than face value unless it's un circulated but i'm sure these notes are getting pretty rare the series c has a trends value of in grade fine which is about the grade of the one you have don't be mislead by the idea currency is not valuable unless in crisp uncirculated as an example a e star note sells for in grade fine a trends price is an average of what a note sells for United States dollar Hyperinflation U.S. five-dollar bill U.S. twenty-dollar bill Canadian dollar Money U.S. ten-dollar bill U.S. one hundred-dollar bill Gold standard U.S. fifty-dollar bill Australian dollar United States dollar coin U.S. two-dollar bill Monetary policy Inflation New Zealand dollar Silver Certificate Euro Legal tender Philippine peso Deflation (economics) Bond Counterfeit Liberty Dollar Philatelic investment British coinage Gold as an investment United States Note U.S. public debt Money supply Exchange rate Microeconomics Fiat money Hong Kong dollar Intelligent design movement Numismatics Book collecting Rupiah Morgan Dollar Currency Argentine peso Pound sterling Coin collecting Capital accumulation Romanian leu Bank of England Banknotes of the Republic of Ireland Monopoly (game) Salmon P. Chase Euro banknotes Mexican peso American comic book Farthing (coin) Deutsche Mark Bretton Woods system Endgame Coin Irish pound Coin grading Calvin and Hobbes Connecticut Western Reserve Trade Sacagawea Dollar Enron Corporation Nickel (U.S. coin) Fractional-reserve banking Keynesian economics Economy of Russia New Taiwan dollar Argentine economic crisis (1999-2002) Ringgit Withdrawn Canadian banknotes Milton H. Erickson Reserve Bank of New Zealand Economy of Africa Iraqi dinar Stamp collecting British banknotes The Plain Dealer (newspaper) RuneScape economy Law of value Economy of Nigeria Money in Harry Potter Moses Cleaveland Argentine Currency Board Insurance Anarchist economics Social Credit Ruble Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Polymer banknote Central bank International Monetary Fund Arthur Laffer Cincinnati Bengals South Korean won Government of India Act 1935 Kuwaiti dinar 