is structural engineering a good profession how much do they make with and without experience what are good midwest colleges for structural engineering yes in the aerospace industry they are in very high demand with experience and a degree they make around hour Aerospace engineering Engineering Ohio U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School Civil engineering Cornell University College of Engineering City and Guilds of London Institute Architect Florida Institute of Technology Midwestern United States James S. Voss Cooperative education The General Electric Company Leroy Chiao Vance D. Brand Pennsylvania State University Robert Thirsk Air Force Research Laboratory Education in the United States University of Central Florida Susan J. Helms STS-107 Alfred Worden Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency Middle Tennessee State University Georgia Institute of Technology Academia Solar power satellite University of Notre Dame State University of New York Maritime College Education in Portugal Indian Institute of Science Michael J. Massimino Patrick G. Forrester Software engineering demographics Water (molecule) Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Champaign-Urbana Metropolitan Area Software engineering Sherwood C. Spring Guion Bluford Arizona State University Charles Camarda Palmdale, California Single-stage to orbit Air Education and Training Command Supersonic transport Kingston University Osteopathy Mississippi State University Law school Theodore Freeman University of Southampton Norman Thagard Purdue University Hydrogen economy Sidney M. Gutierrez Kalpana Chawla Nanyang Technological University Inflation Computer-aided design Professional Engineer Bryan D. O'Connor James C. Adamson University of Toronto High-speed rail Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps Fundamentals of Engineering exam Aerojet Ronald M. Sega Royal Institute of Technology Winston E. Scott Edward Gibson James P. Bagian Doctorate Donn F. Eisele Helicopter Jan Davis British professional qualifications Fixed-wing aircraft Service College X-3 Stiletto Giffen good Wichita State University G. David Low Gregory J. Harbaugh Juris Doctor Story Musgrave Community college Lee M.E. Morin Dalhousie University Chalmers University of Technology Tier One Kenneth S. Reightler, Jr. Norman Ralph Augustine Mapua Institute of Technology University of California, San Diego Kevin R. Kregel 