who has a job with summer months off if so how do you manage i don't have a job like that but my mom works for the school district and she gets all the summer off plus vacation when the students do she loves it plus she gets very good benefits Unemployment The Adventures of Pete & Pete The O.C. Walt Disney World College Program Grand Forks, North Dakota Sweatshop Anarchism and society One Tree Hill (TV series) Okashina Okashi Magical DoReMi Tom McCall Pepper Ann West Ham United F.C. Charmed Wal-Mart Bryan Adams Clay Aiken Employment Summer Days (and Summer Nights!!) Futurama (TV series - season 2) Labour economics The Drew Carey Show Education in the People's Republic of China Mr. and Mrs. Turner Kodocha Education in the United States American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Graduate school Leeds United F.C. Teaching English as a Foreign Language Endless Summer (album) John Lindsay Springfield Elementary School Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 Community college Thomas M. Disch Outsourcing Ben Cardin Intern Carl Barks Angela Davis Current Population Survey Pokey Mom Bro'Town Warren Buffett Futurama (TV series - season 1) Israeli Arab Howard Keel Efficiency wages Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu American Dreams Wizarding world Summer camp Murdock-Portal Elementary School Organizational structure of Jehovah's Witnesses Affirmative action Funny Farm (comic) Dead Like Me Ron and Fez Intelligence quotient Mnemonic Hampshire County, West Virginia James J. Hill Offshoring Olivia Newton-John Placebo (band) Rosa Parks Vocational school Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad Subsidy Hugo Wolf Johnson & Wales University Donna Summer Baseball Kanye West Librarian Lesley Gore Simon Napier-Bell School district Karl Rove Cathy Palmdale, California Phil of the Future Education in Germany Kurt Cobain Unemployment benefit Robert Hutchins Ken Chu Little Big Mom Shaggy dog story Alex Ferguson Bouncing Souls The Beach Boys Harvard Division of Continuing Education Opie and Anthony Culture of Quebec Highschool! Kimen-gumi Current teachings of Prem Rawat Abigail Folger Napoleon Dynamite 