ok so how can i do this ok well yesterday i had an interview at a gym for a front desk position and he told me at the end that he will let me know by this afternoon sometime or the latest by noon tomorrow well even though he said when he was going to contact who he interviewed i just feel like i would like to call and ask anyway just to let him know i am very interested in the job but i am not sure how i could do that can you help please oh i have done stuff like that a trillion times i called asked for the dude said hey this is is ur name so how r u doing well just wanted to call and let u know how interested i am in the job blah blah blah talk more about how good u r ask when he thinks u r going to get hired blah blah blah more stuff like that hope i helped Little Britain Iggy Pop Hey Jude W. Mark Felt Krusty Gets Busted The Chemical Brothers The Ashlee Simpson Show Paul Is Dead I Want to Hold Your Hand Shaggy dog story Operation Market Garden Time Out of Mind George Costanza Social rule Charles Taylor Beetle in an Anthill U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Plame affair Cliff Richard Great Teacher Onizuka Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March Taz-Mania Yom Kippur War Escape from New York History of As the World Turns (2000-present) Super Mario 128 Kodocha The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Blink-182 Blizzard Entertainment Grandview, U.S.A. Stuff (magazine) AFI 100 Years series The Inside About a Boy Infidels Anderson Cooper Late Night with Conan O'Brien Year of the Spider Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina The Daily Show Sharon Tate Good Morning, Vietnam Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Singlish Doomtown Paul McCartney Larry King Lauren Bacall Hilary Duff Scott Baio Rosa Parks Andrew Denton Andrew Dice Clay Space opera in Scientology doctrine Survivor (novel) The Apprentice 2 Winter Soldier Investigation Search for Tomorrow Knots Landing Plame affair timeline Who Shot Mr. Burns? Sampling (music) Singapore gay equality movement Jean Grey Beatles for Sale Phoebe Halliwell Slow Train Coming 2000 Australian Grand Prix Johnny Carson Abigail Folger Faith (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) The Colbert Report Noon Eddie Albert Shit Milton H. Erickson Double Nickels on the Dime Effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans Scott Raynor Series finale She Loves You Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks W. Daniel Hillis Kim Possible Moses Blah Brian Griffin WEWS-TV 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Bat Lash Alice's Adventures in Wonderland StarCraft Episode VI James T. Aubrey, Jr. Reaction to Darwin's theory One Tree Hill (TV series) Hal Trosky Chucky Pancamo English verbs Sydney Riot of 1879 