am i pretty im just wondering what other people think http s photobucket com albums s ukali friends action view current m d c e cac e a jpg http s photobucket com albums s ukali friends action view current m d da d e a b b c ebae d jpg p s i am dont tell me im to young because i can do what ever i want and dont ask why i took these me and my friend were skrewing around having fun taking pics i love girls with that look yes you are pretty Mike Scott (musician) Atomic Kitten Spice Girls Oasis (band) Kylie Minogue The Beach Boys Futari wa Pretty Cure Blood on the Tracks Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Britney Spears The Offspring Velvet Acid Christ Alice Cooper HTTP cookie The Rolling Stones Mirmo! The Strokes William-Adolphe Bouguereau gallery Nashville Skyline Paul Is Dead The Emancipation of Mimi The Late Show with David Letterman The Beach Boys in Concert Mary Cassatt Ajax (programming) Kodocha The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp Cliff Richard Roy Orbison The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Jennifer Lopez Endless Harmony Soundtrack JavaServer Pages Bananarama Gothic metal Mike Love Scenes from a Memory Nine Inch Nails About a Boy Some Kind of Wonderful Thriller (album) The Jackson 5 McFly Thames Barrier Sailor Moon Hole (band) Madness (band) British Royal Family Deftones Aladdin (1992 film) Married... with Children MSN Messenger The Chemical Brothers Caillou New Morning Rich Mullins Magic Knight Rayearth The Ashlee Simpson Show Harvest Moon: A Wonderful Life The Waterboys Tenchi Muyo! Oh, Pretty Woman RuneScape Mini-Games E. E. Cummings 400 (number) Rammstein Gwen Stefani James McNeill Whistler Pretty in Pink Charmed Sex and the City Mechanical Animals The Supremes The O.C. JPEG Joe Pass HyperText Transfer Protocol R. Kelly The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Stock character Sunset Kim Possible Primus (band) Anime Beatles for Sale Shut Down Volume 2 Evil Herman's Hermits Ichigo 100% Little Snow Fairy Sugar Magical girl Mr. T Dustin the Turkey Good Charlotte Frank Sinatra Laura Branigan Patricia Ford The Fairly OddParents Love. Angel. Music. Baby. 