how old do you think it's okay to read seventeen magazine i know i get it its called seventeen but i've read an issue and it's not like i don't already know about that stuff most of it's compeletely appropriate anyway well thats what i think my mom doesn't agree i'm almost how old do you think girls should be to read seventeen err completely i started reading it since i was like or and think its pretty appropriate it has stuff you need to know about life and like your body and stuff and its a very cool magazine so yea is fine to start reading it Kurt Cobain Extraordinary Machine My Life as a Teenage Robot Time Out of Mind James T. Aubrey, Jr. Mr. and Mrs. Turner The Ashlee Simpson Show The McGuire Sisters E. E. Cummings MUMPS Timmy Turner Don McGregor The Lovely Bones Joke Angelina Jolie Sharon Tate Scrooge McDuck Louie, Louie Rich Mullins Anderson Cooper Shit Kate Vaiden The Fairly OddParents Teacher's Pet (Disney) The Cure Kodocha Sampling (music) Blood on the Tracks Britney Spears Love and Theft Whitney Houston Comment Little Britain Electrophysiology Kim Possible Clarence Thomas Futari wa Pretty Cure The Demon Headmaster Stuff (magazine) Good Charlotte The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Practices of Jehovah's Witnesses Nine Inch Nails Kyle Broflovski Trigun Angels in America Ray Charles Paris Hilton Theory of conduct KaBlam! Sailor Moon The Tracey Ullman Show shorts George Lucas Sin City Satchel Paige FoxTrot Great Teacher Onizuka Calvin and Hobbes The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Buddy Guy Summer Altice Ashlee Simpson Teamo Supremo Hey Arnold! Pip (South Park episode) Mike Scott (musician) Cosmopolitan (magazine) AFI 100 Years series Futurama (TV series - season 2) AVN Awards Aerial (dance move) Grandview, U.S.A. Marilyn Monroe The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Pepper Ann The Inside Paul Is Dead Dry cleaning It's Walky! The Faerie Queene DragonQuest HP BASIC for OpenVMS Seymour Hersh The Waterboys Laura Schlessinger Patricia Ford Friends Teen Girl Squad Lindy Basic Pok__mon Live! Beatles for Sale Marbury v. Madison Scenes from a Memory Machine gun RFID Samuel Beckett Stock character Sexual revolution Thomas M. Disch 