i need your opinions please okay can girls with glasses be pretty hot sexy my friends say i'm gorgeous or whatever but i have glasses and i'm really insecure about my looks i also don't know what any guys think i mean there are guys who like me but they don't usually just outright tell me i'm pretty so i'd like your opinions please on if a girl with glasses can be pretty hot or sexy i would get contacts but i'm afraid of what i'd look like if i got them because i've had glasses since third grade i mean i try to get the coolest glasses possible but whatever thanks so much for your opinion i've worn glasses since th grade and i never had a problem with guys noticing me even when i was trying to not to be noticed it didn't matter girls with or without glasses can be sexy i didn't start wearing contacts until th grade but i still wear my glasses on and off the guys probably don't come and say your pretty outright because they may feel a little gun shy telling you never feel insecure about what you look like you should always take pride in yourself work with what you got Okashina Okashi Marilyn Monroe Humphrey Bogart Undergrads The Ashlee Simpson Show Good Morning, Vietnam Buddy Guy Ichigo 100% Jean Grey Rod Stewart Persona (video game) Paul Is Dead About a Boy J. D. Salinger Friends Cary Grant Characters in the Smurfs Pitaten AFI 100 Years series Wonder Woman (television series) Madonna (entertainer) The Fairly OddParents Teacher's Pet (Disney) Time Out of Mind Milton H. Erickson Nerd Timon and Pumbaa Gunsmith Cats Teen Girl Squad Totally Spies! Ian Hunter Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide Roy Orbison Theory of conduct Michelle Branch Hot Chocolate Woody Allen Sharon Tate Peter Griffin Cyclops (comics) EastEnders Harem anime Cliff Richard The Truman Show YuYu Hakusho Megan Griffin Neil Gaiman Hollyoaks Herbert Garrison Spice Girls Britney Spears Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu Slayers Outlaw Star George Burns Hey Arnold! Kyle Broflovski Pok__mon Live! Kim Possible Indian English Alice's Adventures in Wonderland The Beatles (album) Naughty Girl Robert Oppenheimer It's Walky! New Morning Megatokyo The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Ray Winstone Shania Twain Butters Stotch Social rule Code: Lyoko W.I.T.C.H. Napoleon Dynamite Calvin and Hobbes Avril Lavigne Married... with Children D.N. Angel Glasses The Silence (The Twilight Zone) Bat Lash Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Dawson's Creek Moe Szyslak Recurring South Park characters Blood on the Tracks Louise Brooks Bob Dylan (album) Hermione Granger All in the Family Billy Joel Urusei Yatsura Episodes of Lost (Season 2) Rei Ayanami The Emancipation of Mimi Sex Pistols Pretty in Pink The Catcher in the Rye Shyness 