asesinos fc club president christian club vice rafa manager l' enfant terrible assistant manager e c water distribution engineer picasso s christian sarah s diana touzours lwm bela cm pepe frihah cdm koolslayer rwm soccermaster ronax lb cherie fogle cb sasan cb kasper hahahaa rb stefani junaid gk gunnners lyfe who are some people in this list who can lead our team people we are not talking about captain we are talking about filling in boots of christan no one he is coming back you don't look at the players for leadership instead you must turn to the management l'enfant picasso me rafa or whoever the v p is but since christian is coming back this doesnt matter Single certification Denis Law Pablo Picasso West Bromwich Albion F.C. Committee on the Present Danger David Beckham Milan Baro__ Nottingham Forest F.C. Gwen Stefani Blackburn Rovers F.C. Florida Marlins Munich air disaster No Doubt Crystal Palace F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Leeds United F.C. International League Celtic F.C. Jean Cocteau 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Newcastle United F.C. English cricket team Sheffield Wednesday F.C. England national football team De La Salle University Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Babe Ruth Los Angeles Dodgers Portsmouth F.C. New York Rangers February 2005 in sports Bobby Charlton Santos Futebol Clube Diana Ross Troms__ I.L. Alan Shearer Modern Talking Jim Smith (footballer) Christian right Harry Redknapp Torquay United F.C. Watford F.C. Pierre Charles L'Enfant Dick Williams Sammy Sosa Leicester City F.C. Saint Nicholas Swindon Town F.C. Claudio Ranieri Jewish Messiah Orlando Magic Bah__'__ divisions Pittsburgh Steelers Christian Brothers University FA Premier League 2001-02 Coventry City F.C. West Ham United F.C. Eric Bischoff Balthus Major League Baseball All-Star Game Mario Lemieux Water polo Wimbledon F.C. Allen Iverson Boston Red Sox October 29 in baseball Ravi Shastri Paris FA Cup Organizational structure of Jehovah's Witnesses History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Arsenal F.C. Curling New York Islanders Toronto Blue Jays Norway national football team Cliff Richard The Caves of Androzani RuneScape quests British Royal Family Farnborough Town F.C. John Major Captain (ice hockey) 1957 World Series Fulham F.C. Donald Rumsfeld Essendon Football Club Boston Bruins Rugby league Rugby union Vancouver Canucks Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere Reservoir Dogs Nuclear option (filibuster) Frank Lampard Steffi Graf Philip Glass Marilyn Monroe Liverpool F.C. Cleveland Indians 