if kaka is soooo better than ronaldinho how come milan want's ronaldinho so bad http www goal com en articolo aspx contenutoid it's only one the best player in the world and that's r o n a l d i n h o sasan hahaha i swear you should go to a doctor robert j what the hell are you talking about first of all i was watching the match against milan live at san siro so i can tell you that that wasn't luck and second where was gattuso if that was luck on his ss he is still dizzy because of what ronaldinho did to him second thing is seria a is not what it used to be so don't talk about defense because roma didn't show any defense against man u remember and if we are talking about luck how many times was milan or should i say kaka lucky on their way to the cl final every match milan is a one man team and that's the reason why they need the best player in the worl so that kaka isn't all alone luck where was gattuso http www youtube com watch v fq ofeub ag yeah i agree kaka is truly an amazing player all but theres only one ronaldinho hes the best in the world nothing can change that Internazionale Brazil national football team Stadio Giuseppe Meazza Football World Cup 1990 FC Barcelona Giuseppe Meazza Theory of conduct Kak__ UEFA Champions League Ronaldo The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Frank Rijkaard Press Your Luck Andriy Shevchenko Football (soccer) Denis Law Football (soccer) positions Deco Milan Stone Cold Steve Austin Little Britain February 2005 in sports Torquay United F.C. Luck Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Italy national football team Alex Ferguson Shit Game show Poker jargon Everton F.C. Gabriel Batistuta John McEnroe FIFA Series Satchel Paige A.C. Milan She Loves You Troms__ I.L. Jack Charlton Sven-G__ran Eriksson Ladislao Kubala FC Rostov September 2005 in sports Patrick Vieira Celtic F.C. Roger Federer Portsmouth F.C. Baseball Stars Steve Nash Aston Villa F.C. Liverpool F.C. Uniform Resource Locator Marco van Basten Gianni Rivera Stefan Edberg Guilty Gear The Contender (television series) Social rule Kyle Broflovski Milan Baro__ Ultimate (sport) Milton H. Erickson Ed, Edd n Eddy FIFA World Player of the Year Paul Ince Rugby league San Francisco 49ers Football culture Volleyball The Ashlee Simpson Show Newcastle United F.C. Wayne Gretzky The Football League Water polo Dennis Bergkamp Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Roswell UFO incident Midfielder Roberto Baggio Anatoly Karpov Boston Bruins World Wide Web England national football team The Fairly OddParents September 2004 in sports World Series True Crime: Streets of LA Shaggy dog story Leeds United F.C. F.C. United of Manchester New England Patriots Bryan Robson New York Giants Mark Calaway Major League Baseball television contracts Empire Burlesque John Layfield 