how is virigin virginia is a very lovely state West Virginia Virginia I Wanna Love You Forever Virginia Peninsula Virginia Plan Governor of Virginia Loving v. Virginia Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Pocahontas Parkway U.S. Highway 33 Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Sigma Nu Saint John, United States Virgin Islands U.S. Highway 50 Virginia State Highway 5 Racial Integrity Act of 1924 Virginia State Capitol London Company U.S. Highway 52 Independent city Ohio River South Hampton Roads U.S. Highway 220 Pocahontas Atlantic Coast Conference Richard Henry Lee Norfolk, Virginia Virginia State Highway 288 U.S. Highway 60 West Virginia State University Confederate States of America Stonewall Jackson Claudius Crozet County seat Bloomsbury Group Fort Monroe Cardinal and Hoosier State James Monroe Virginia State Highway 267 Jim Gilmore Confederate States Army United States district court Virginia Militia State university J.E.B. Stuart Virginia Astley John Marshall Abel P. Upshur Charleston, West Virginia Army of Northern Virginia Orlando: A Biography Newport News, Virginia Portsmouth, Virginia College of William and Mary Northern Virginia Colony and Dominion of Virginia James Madison Ohio Country Virginia State Highway 161 Military academy U.S. state U.S. Highway 19 Hampton, Virginia Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act American Civil War Winchester, Virginia Trans States Airlines Huntington, West Virginia John Y. Mason NCAA Men's Soccer Championship Counties of the United States Highest-income counties in the United States Mason-Dixon line U.S. Highway 1 West Virginia State Board of Education v. Barnette John Smith of Jamestown Chippenham Parkway Nathan Goff, Jr. Episcopal Church in the United States of America Mid-Atlantic States Wheeling, West Virginia H. Reid Fairfax, Virginia Danville, Virginia United States Attorney Roanoke, Virginia Border states (Civil War) Alexandria, Virginia Virginia C. Andrews Lowest-income counties in the United States Kentucky Prince William County, Virginia Virginia Woolf Upstairs, Downstairs State supreme court Maryland Lynchburg, Virginia Lieutenant governor Science Museum of Virginia 