where online could i find the worth of a and a walking liberty silver half coin both are circulated but in good condition i will tell you the values of your coins i am a coin collector walking liberty half dollars were designed by adolph weinman and engraved by charles barber they were minted from the year had a mintage of it's value is the year had a mintage of it's value is also i'm sure the value may go up in the future due to the silver content of the coin i hope this information helps answer your question United States dollar coin United States Mint Nickel (U.S. coin) United States dollar Dime (U.S. coin) Royal Canadian Mint British coinage Kennedy half dollar Philippine peso Eisenhower Dollar New Orleans Mint Seated Liberty Dollar Australian dollar In God We Trust Sacagawea Dollar Farthing (coin) Roman currency Coin History of the threepence United States coinage Mexican peso Liberty Dollar Money History of the halfpenny Pataca Euro coins British coin Guinea Coin collecting State Quarters Thaler Legal tender American Gold Eagle Canadian dollar Yen 1933 Double Eagle Jamaican dollar New Zealand dollar Gresham's law Romanian leu Double Eagle (U.S. coin) Hong Kong dollar British One Pound coin Banknote Ringgit Numismatics Silver Certificate Dollar Pound sterling Counterfeit Antoninianus Coinage Act (1792) Gold standard Coinage of the Republic of Ireland Currency U.S. ten-dollar bill 1804 silver dollar Hyperinflation Won New Taiwan dollar U.S. fifty-dollar bill Franklin Mint Euro Precious metal U.S. two-dollar bill Stamp collecting U.S. five-dollar bill U.S. one hundred-dollar bill History of the English penny (1485-1603) Rufiyaa History of the British penny (1714-1901) U.S. twenty-dollar bill Mint (coin) Baht Sestertius Spanish dollar Adolph Alexander Weinman Latin Monetary Union Shilling Maundy money Penny (U.S. coin) History of the British penny (1603-1714) Philadelphia Mint History of the English penny (1154-1485) United States commemorative coin Cent (currency) Riksdaler British Fifty Pence coin Loonie Group 11 element Probability Argentine peso Coin die Money in Harry Potter Sterling silver British Twenty-Five Pence coin Jeopardy! Rupiah British coin Florin 