how to cheer up a mormon my mormon friend is no longer a missionary is that the right word im not quite sure and he is pretty sad about it and from what i've read their preisdent died so i dunno how to cheer him up any ideas be a friend we like friends pres faust nd counselor in the st presidency died president hinckley our prophet and president of the church is still as spunky as ever Gordon B. Hinckley First Presidency Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Ezra Taft Benson Quorum of the Twelve Apostles President of the Church (Mormonism) Mormon Book of Mormon Nauvoo, Illinois Succession crisis (Mormonism) Mormonism Joseph F. Smith David Whitmer History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Joseph Smith, Jr. William Marks (Mormonism) Endowment (Mormonism) Temple (Mormonism) Blacks and Mormonism Community of Christ Priesthood (Mormonism) History of the Latter Day Saint movement George Q. Cannon Church of Jesus Christ (Bickertonite) Apostle Bishop (Mormonism) Martin Harris Linguistics and the Book of Mormon Spencer W. Kimball James E. Faust Heber J. Grant Marion G. Romney Sidney Rigdon General conference (Mormonism) Prophet David O. McKay Mormonism and Christianity Quorum (Mormonism) Emma Hale Smith Missionary Mark Hofmann LDS Conference Center Heavenly Mother 1830s (Mormonism) Melchizedek priesthood (Mormonism) Godhead (Mormonism) Protestantism Quorums of the Seventy Brigham Young Fundamentalism Christianity King James Version of the Bible Autograph John Taylor (1808-1887) Brigham Young University Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies Stake (Mormonism) Latter Day Saint Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Strangite) Thomas B. Marsh Adam-God theory Doctrine and Covenants Christian eschatology Patriarchal Priesthood Criticism of Mormonism Ordinance (Mormonism) Plural marriage Danite Temple garment (Mormonism) 1840s (Mormonism) Oliver Cowdery Faust, Part 1 House of Joseph Archaeology and the Book of Mormon Curse and mark of Cain Latter-day Saint John Hinckley, Jr. Restorationism Mormon missionary Mountain Meadows massacre Lineal succession (Mormonism) Abrahamic religion Hugh Nibley Mormon War Blood atonement First Vision Apocrypha Church of Christ (Temple Lot) Biblical canon Wilford Woodruff D. Michael Quinn Joseph Smith III Deacon (Mormonism) James Strang Presiding Bishop High council (Mormonism) Nauvoo Temple Latter Day Saint movement Heber C. Kimball 