am i one of the few that didn't know jim baker has been the white house preacher for so many presidents i was looking at the insider yesterday and today and they were saying he has been ministered for ronald reagan george bush sr president clinton and george w bush he supposedly helped george w stop his drinking addiction and kept bill and hillary from divorcing after the monica lewinsky scandal any thoughts as to why he can't convince our current president to stop ruining this country's economic stability sorry i meant to say billy graham thanks robert k for the correction it's late here and i'm getting tired i didn't know that either i guess the president doesn't care if god forgives him for stealing from the people for his own personal gain it's just more of the same religious political scamming Bill Clinton Hillary Rodham Clinton Democratic Party (United States) Ronald Reagan Al Gore Lewinsky scandal Republican Party (United States) George H. W. Bush 1990s Cindy Sheehan Billy Graham Jimmy Carter Political scandals of the United States George W. Bush Karl Rove History of the United States (1988-present) Read my lips: no new taxes Linda Tripp Barbara Boxer Saddam Hussein Fred Phelps Gerald Ford Alan Keyes The Rush Limbaugh Show Elvis Presley Knots Landing U.S. presidential election, 2000 2004 Republican National Convention Plame affair Arthur Laffer Capitol Steps The Daily Show Kenneth Starr Confidence trick Ron Reagan U.S. presidential election, 1992 Conservative Democrat Marilyn Monroe Special relationship Reagan Administration Newt Gingrich Lyndon LaRouche Vice President of the United States U.S. Electoral College Christian right Carlyle Group Hilary Duff U.S. presidential election, 1980 William Rehnquist Bob McEwen Impeachment of Bill Clinton Ann Coulter Reaganomics White House Chief of Staff Peter F. Paul Air Force One Acting President of the United States W. Mark Felt Iraq and weapons of mass destruction Robert Byrd James M. McPherson Humphrey Bogart 107th United States Congress Supply-side economics Paul Is Dead Bush family conspiracy theory Pat Buchanan Bob Dole The West Wing (television) Jeff Gannon U.S. presidential election debates Joe Lieberman New Hampshire primary Indianapolis 500 Ronald Kessler Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Joseph C. Wilson Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 The Greatest American Media bias in the United States Australian Labor Party Eric Clapton Harriet Miers Conservative Party (UK) Deep Throat (Watergate) Sun Myung Moon Alberto Gonzales Wal-Mart Richard Mellon Scaife John Wesley Donald Rumsfeld James Baker U.S. Senate election, 2006 