psp or ds i know that the ds has way more games than the psp but i hav been told that the psp is much better i have the ds bear in mind im only but theres loads you can do with the ds you can have the internet so you can go on msn messenger ebuddy you can also come on here and places like piczo the sound quality is really clear and if you want you can have headphones you can get a game card which you put a sd card into so you can browse photos and music n all that which is really cool the games are really fun as well n don't listen to what that person said about them being childish they have quite grown up games and they also have games which are awesome for everybody i would recomend super mario bros and ultimate classics as they are perfect for anyone and to add to that you also have pictochat where you can talk in chat rooms with people and you can draw crazy drawings me and my mates have much fun on ds's get one although i know nothing about psps PlayStation Portable Computer and video games MSN Messenger Game Boy Nintendo DS Video game music Animal Crossing Super Smash Bros. Melee Nintendo Nintendo Entertainment System Handheld game console Super Mario 64 Game show Koji Kondo Nintendo 64 Super Mario Advance 4 Wipeout (game) Super Mario Bros. History of computer and video games Mario Machinima Sega Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Handheld video game Headphones AOL Instant Messenger Mario Bros. Super Mario remake series Nintendo Power Social rule Breath of Fire III IGN Nintendo GameCube Roxette Extreme Programming Yoshi Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels E-Reader Lemmings (computer game) Paintball Orson Scott Card Super Nintendo Entertainment System Gameking Jeopardy! Console wars Super Mario All-Stars Mafia (game) MAME Internet Explorer PC Engine Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories Pac-Man Game Boy Advance Street Fighter Alpha Nintendo Revolution Buck Fever Homestar Runner Super Smash Bros. Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Instant messaging Sega Mega Drive/Sega Genesis Teen Girl Squad Mega Man Legends Koopa Kid Internet slang MSN Social software Online dating service April 1, 2005 Mario series enemies Card game Boss (video games) Big Brother (USA TV series) The Sims Danger Hiptop Sony Computer Entertainment Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Computer and video game genres Action Replay America Online ICQ Need for Speed Link (Legend of Zelda) Sega Saturn Internet fraud Super Mario 128 Chat room Classic NES Series Super Mario Bros. 2 Marvel Nemesis: Rise of the Imperfects Super Mario Bros. television series Monopoly (game) Avatar (virtual reality) Prank flash Where's Wally? The Legend of Zelda series Speedrun Internet Xbox 