Characterization of a liver low Michaelis-Menten constant 3',5'-cyclic adenosine monophosphate phosphodiesterase activity sensitive to thyroid status.
 These studies were undertaken to assess the subcellular distribution and some biochemical properties of the hepatic cAMP phosphodiesterase(s) whose activity is modulated by the thyroid status in the rat.
 Thyroidectomy led to a 2-fold increase in low Michaelis-Menten constant (Km) cAMP phosphodiesterase activity in Golgi-endosomal fractions, but little affected this activity in crude particulate fractions.
 On analytical sucrose density gradients, an increase in cAMP phosphodiesterase activity in particulate elements which equilibrated at densities 1.17-1.22 was also observed.
 Acute insulin treatment did not further increase cAMP phosphodiesterase activity in Golgi-endosomal fractions of thyroidectomized rats.
 Up to 75% of the cAMP phosphodiesterase activity associated with Golgi-endosomal fraction of euthyroid and hypothyroid rats was inhibited by cGMP (IC50, 10 microM and 1 microM, respectively).
 Activity was also potently inhibited by griseolic acid, cilostamide, and cilostazole (IC50, less than 1 microM) but was much less sensitive to R0-20-1724 (IC50, 1 mM).
 Treatment of Golgi-endosomal fractions by a hypotonic extract of rat liver lysosomes led to the solubilization of 50% of low Km cAMP phosphodiesterase activity.
 On sucrose density gradients, the solubilized activity migrated as a slightly asymmetrical peak with a sedimentation coefficient of 6 S in euthyroid rats and 6.9 S in hypothyroid rats.
 On nondenaturing polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, the activity migrated as two majors peaks with Rf values of 0.23 and 0.50; only the activity associated with the fast-moving peak was increased by thyroidectomy.
 On diethylaminoethyl-Sephacel chromatography, four peaks of cAMP phosphodiesterase activity, two of which were cGMP-inhibitable, were resolved.
 Thyroidectomy increased the activity associated with one of the cGMP-inhibitable peaks (eluted at 0.7-0.9 M sodium acetate) and led to the appearance of a new peak of activity (eluted at 0.4 M), which was not sensitive to cGMP.
 These results show that the low Km phosphodiesterase activity associated with liver Golgi-endosomal fractions, previously shown to be increased in hyperinsulinemic rats, is also increased in hypothyroid animals.
 They also suggest that, based on pharmacological and physical criteria, the enzyme species affected by the thyroid status belongs to the cGMP-and cilostamide-inhibited subclass of low Km cAMP phosphodiesterases.
