Petrosal sinus sampling with and without corticotropin-releasing hormone for the differential diagnosis of Cushing's syndrome 
 BACKGROUND.
 Measurement of adrenocorticotropin levels in plasma from the inferior petrosal sinuses of patients with Cushing's syndrome can distinguish adrenocorticotropin-secreting pituitary tumors (Cushing's disease) from other causes of the syndrome, principally ectopic adrenocorticotropin secretion from an occult tumor.
 However, it is unknown whether such measurement consistently identifies patients with Cushing's disease and whether testing with corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) enhances the value of the procedure.
 METHODS.
 We prospectively studied 281 patients with Cushing's syndrome to evaluate the diagnostic efficacy of the procedure.
 Bilateral sampling was successfully accomplished in 278 patients, with no major morbidity; 262 of these patients underwent sampling before and after administration of ovine CRH.
 The adrenocorticotropin levels in the samples were used to calculate the ratio of the concentration in plasma from the inferior petrosal sinuses to the concentration in peripheral-blood plasma (the IPS:P ratio).
 RESULTS.
 The diagnosis of 246 patients was confirmed surgically as Cushing's disease in 215, as ectopic adrenocorticotropin syndrome in 20, and as primary adrenal disease in 11.
 An IPS:P ratio greater than or equal to 2.0 in basal samples identified 205 of the 215 patients with Cushing's disease (sensitivity, 95 percent), with no false positive results (specificity, 100 percent).
 A peak IPS:P ratio greater than or equal to 3.0 after CRH administration identified all 203 of the patients with Cushing's disease who received CRH (sensitivity, 100 percent), with no false positive results (specificity, 100 percent).
 The sensitivity was much lower when the adrenocorticotropin concentrations in the samples from one sinus were considered alone.
 In patients with Cushing's disease a difference of greater than or equal to 1.4-fold between the concentrations in the two sinuses (the adrenocorticotropin gradient) predicted the location of the microadenoma in 68 percent of 104 patients during basal sampling and in 71 percent of 105 patients after CRH administration.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 Simultaneous bilateral sampling of plasma from the inferior petrosal sinuses, with the adjunctive use of CRH, distinguishes patients with Cushing's disease from those with ectopic adrenocorticotropin secretion with high diagnostic accuracy.
