who do you believe are good value players in permier league fantasy salary cap game forwards midfielders defensemen goaltenders i don't know soccer too well but here is a couple f t walcott ars f j mcfadden eve m g barry ast m s gerrard liv d p jagielka eve d l baines eve g j lehmann ars good luck Lacrosse Goaltender St. Louis Blues (hockey) Boston Bruins Pittsburgh Penguins Edmonton Oilers Detroit Red Wings National Football League Atlanta Flames Football (soccer) positions American football Jokerit Los Angeles Kings Ice hockey Raymond Bourque Steven Gerrard Winnipeg Jets Football (soccer) June 2004 in sports Rangers F.C. Hartford Whalers Chicago Blackhawks New York Rangers Goal (ice hockey) Australian rules football Bobby Charlton Barry Bonds World Series Paul Merson Salary cap A-League Qu__bec Nordiques Springfield Indians National Hockey League Yorkshire County Cricket Club Dema Kovalenko Cork City F.C. Ben Olsen FA Premier League 2003-04 England national football team Eddie Lewis Baseball Basketball New Jersey Devils History of Arsenal F.C. Tampa Bay Lightning Adelaide United FC Los Angeles Clippers Major Indoor Soccer League Chicago Bulls 2002-03 NHL season Major League Lacrosse Philadelphia Flyers Aston Villa F.C. Minnesota North Stars Penalty (ice hockey) New York Yankees Jacques Plante Mario Lemieux Frank Lampard Arsenal F.C. F.C. United of Manchester Jamie Carragher Sammy Sosa Formation (football) Frankie Hejduk Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. December 2004 in sports West Indian cricket team Major League Soccer Leeds United F.C. FA Premier League Ontario Hockey League Wayne Gretzky Western Canada Hockey League Clint Mathis Giovanni van Bronckhorst New York Islanders Pittsburgh Pirates Fredrik Ljungberg Alan Ball (footballer) 1994 baseball strike Square Co., Ltd. Phil Esposito New England Patriots Chicago White Sox Canterbury Bulldogs DaMarcus Beasley Guildford Flames Kerry Zavagnin Table football Viking F.K. North American Soccer League Lee Dixon J. League Thierry Henry Coventry City F.C. 