on yahoo fantasy football can i commish an open public league and can i save spots for my friends or can i wait to make it public until my friends sign up and then make open to anyone it cant be a normal public league but it can be open to the public just have them join soon as you create it it wont fill up that fast National Football League American football The Football League FA Premier League International League West Bromwich Albion F.C. J. League League Cup Shake It Off Rugby league Leeds United F.C. Football Conference Playoff Miami Dolphins American League Football Frank Lampard Pittsburgh Steelers Jack Buck Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Final Fantasy IX Chelsea F.C. Ali Daei Final Fantasy VI Carolina Panthers Hamburg Gmail Penalty shootout (football) Sky Sports May 2005 in sports Naming rights Fenerbah__e SK Kerry Collins National Hockey League All-Star Game Nottingham Forest F.C. United States Football League American Football League Real Madrid Canadian football NFL Europe Aston Villa F.C. Football League Trophy English football league system Buffalo Bills Sport Green Lantern Notts County F.C. 2005 World Series Arena Football League Football in Scotland Arianne Dwight Yorke Cleveland Browns Burton Albion F.C. Bundesliga (football) Sydney Cricket Ground Limit Break World Football League Fantasy Football League East of Scotland Football League PlayStation 3 Forrest Gump Relegation Peter Shilton Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Eddie Clarke Blood Bowl Ivy League Dundee United F.C. South Australian National Football League Southern Football League CPU design Sparky Lyle Barnsley F.C. Arab League Australian Football League Carlisle United F.C. FA Cup Street Human League Canadian Football League F.C. United of Manchester BZFlag Major League Baseball television contracts Fantasy football (American) Tag Michael Owen Justice League The Anti-Nowhere League Leigh Richmond Roose National League AFL-NFL Merger Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Bizarro Providence, Rhode Island Victorian Football League Claudio Ranieri Jim Smith (footballer) AFC Champions League Football in England 