how many of you are going to be watching the democratic presidential candidate debate on logo tonight the president of the human rights campaign is going to be one of the panalists asking the democratic presidential candidates questions about gay rights as they are for gay rights and if you can't get it on you television you can to go http visiblevote logoonline com to watch it and to post a question that you want to ask one or all of the candidates so who besides me and my two dearest friends are going to be watching the debate tonight i will be watching for the follow up questions this should be a really good debate since the republicans had the same chance to address this issue and they were nothing but this is an old southern expression too yellow to do it i don't know what time it comes in other time zones but it is on at p m central time hapetome that is soooooooo very true and we also need to keep the pressure on the people that we have in office now to vote for the hate crime bill to make sure that the lgbt community gets equal justice moxie you are so welcome i am glad to be getting such positive responses to my question i am going to be keeping a tally of the candidates also everybody don't forget to log on to the website and submit a question for one or all of the candidates thanks for the reminder i'm def gonna watch i really wanted to know how each candidate feels about lgbt rights but i was too lazy to look it up so to have it all in one place is gonna be great thanx again Democratic Party (United States) Gay rights U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 U.S. presidential election, 2000 2004 Republican National Convention Ralph Nader 2004 Democratic National Convention Politics of Russia U.S. presidential election, 2008 Liberal Democrats (UK) U.S. presidential election debates Bill Clinton Gay community George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Congress of the United States Federal Marriage Amendment John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 John Edwards Franklin Pierce Barry Goldwater United States House of Representatives Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Homophobia Jimmy Carter Civil rights Hillary Rodham Clinton Freedom of speech Log Cabin Republicans Alan Keyes LGBT Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) John F. Kennedy Mitt Romney Same-sex marriage in the United States Barack Obama Third party (United States) Speaker of the British House of Commons Ted Kennedy Same-sex marriage Rick Santorum Al Gore Mary Robinson Karl Rove 2003 California recall Chilean presidential election, 2005 U.S. presidential nominating convention President of the United States President of Germany Politics of the United States Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Paul von Hindenburg U.S. Electoral College Ross Perot The West Wing (television) U.S. presidential election, 1992 History of the United States (1789-1849) U.S. presidential election, 1980 The Daily Show Australian legislative election, 2004 Green Party (United States) United States Senate James Buchanan Martin Van Buren Harriet Miers Canadian House of Commons Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Homosexuality and Christianity Microsoft 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Politics of Belarus U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Conservative Democrat Libertarian Party (United States) Elections in the United States Jesse Jackson George W. Bush British National Party Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Same-sex marriage in Canada U.S. presidential election, 1972 American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Politics of the Republic of China Ann Coulter __lvaro Uribe Zell Miller Human rights U.S. presidential election, 1964 Fahrenheit 9/11 