da ben question can all of us stick together support da ben he's been so helpful to so many on here yahoo is being so unfair to him alot of others anyone have any ideas as to how to help him get his account back he never got any violations just a suspension notice someone at yahoo is a bigot yes we can and we should this attacker went after me earlier in the week i had to change my settings so that i can not have fans they kept connecting to me and going through old questions and answers i had a half dozen violations in days who knows how many were reported i was also get thumbs down on many answers da ben and i had been talking via e mail because he had the same problems i even had one question that was asked answered and best answer chosen weeks ago and suddenly this last week i got a violation on it shrugs i will write y a on his behalf this is ridiculous this has happened too many times he has lodged an appeal http messages answers yahoo com answers threadview m tm bn sea violationsnotice tid mid tof frt Wheel of Fortune Theory of conduct Spyware Roswell UFO incident Karl Rove Young Earth creationism HTTP cookie 2005 trial of Michael Jackson 24 (television) Paul W. S. Anderson 2001 anthrax attacks 2005 United States Grand Prix Scopes Trial U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 U.S. presidential election, 2000 Win Ben Stein's Money Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Gmail Theodicy Flood geology George Galloway GED House of M Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks SmartAsk HyperText Transfer Protocol Social rule Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Captain Thunderbolt W. Mark Felt Bayesian inference ROC presidential election, 2004 Israeli West Bank barrier Babe Ruth Public relations Jeopardy! Past teachings of Prem Rawat Deir Yassin massacre WCBS-FM Family Feud 2003 California recall 2003 Invasion of Iraq Downing Street memo Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Independent Media Center 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges She Loves You Domain Name System U.S. Electoral College Book of Daniel Rent (musical) Yahoo! The Joker's Wild 9/11 conspiracy theories The Prisoner Creation-evolution controversy Same-sex marriage in Canada SAT Sydney Riot of 1879 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Joke Monarchy in Canada The Long Game The Ashlee Simpson Show The Arsenal of Freedom (TNG episode) Hey Jude RuneScape cheats The Empty Child Internet troll Modem Lodge Committee GameFAQs message boards NWo Theory of constraints The Apprentice 2 Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act Advance fee fraud EastEnders Abortion debate Shawn Michaels Schapelle Corby Microeconomics Anthony Munday Piccolo Junior Saga Big Brother (USA TV series) Fair use Plame affair timeline Donald Rumsfeld Ben Johnson (athlete) FAQ Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam Quizbowl Volkert van der Graaf Ken Jennings The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Primary and Secondary Phases You Don't Know Jack The Shining (film) Intelligent design 