what do i do i like being feminine and pretty but my parents don't know about that my dads says if your a guy and you are not mainly you should kill your self my mom has a similar sentiment this wouldn't be a problem i could just hide my feminine stuff but my mom is the person n charge of my ssi check and she monitors all that i spend which puts me in an awkward position i won't feminine stuff like make up and stuff like that but my moms watching my money like a hawk what do i do thanks to some court order my moms responsible for my money and i have no say in it help p s i'm a guy p s s my spell checker has failed me oh well tell your mom that you need some cash for a date with a girl named hannah handson or inida monee' o then spend the cash on yourself if that plan fails tell your mom that you need to borrow her make up because you want to join the circus i really don't know what to tell you my friend it would probably be best that you save your money and spend it wisely Kim Possible Mr. and Mrs. Turner Kurt Cobain Charmed Kyle Broflovski My Life as a Teenage Robot The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy The Fairly OddParents Child support KaBlam! Hey Arnold! Money Lorelai Gilmore Futurama (TV series - season 2) Ben Johnson (athlete) Recurring South Park characters Married... with Children Shaggy dog story Dexter's Laboratory Cindy Sheehan The Catcher in the Rye Quarashi Credit card Tag Poker jargon Humphrey Bogart EastEnders Grandview, U.S.A. Otaku Year 2000 problem Bank fraud Betting (poker) FLCL Eric Bischoff About a Boy Cartman Joins NAMBLA South Park Outlaw Star Family Guy Avenue Q Calvin and Hobbes Surveillance Urusei Yatsura Life insurance Great Teacher Onizuka Pok__mon Live! Pulp Fiction Kevin and Kell U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Monetary policy Objective-C Phoebe Buffay's songs My Name Is Earl Yoko Ono I Am Furious Yellow The Amazing Race Knots Landing Theory of conduct Rent (musical) The Marshall Mathers LP Big Brother (USA TV series) Seinfeld Panay incident Eric Cartman Timmy Turner 2003 California recall Embedded system Major League Baseball television contracts Money supply Magic Knight Rayearth Xiaolin Showdown Doug Schabir Shaik Trial Transsexuality Backgammon Mortgage Garfield Enron Corporation Spice Girls Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina The League of Gentlemen (comedy) Green Arrow It's Walky! The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Cheque Van Houten family Minor characters in Morrowind Stacy's Mom Wheel of Fortune Cruising (maritime) Tenchi Muyo! Sin City Franklin (television series) Homer vs. Dignity Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Teamo Supremo 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Aerial (dance move) 