should individual states be allowed to discriminate against individuals or groups isn't it a cop out for a presidential candidate to say the states should be the ones to determine whether or not to recognize gay marriages if we allow states to discriminate where does it end do these same candidates believe states should be allowed to decide whether or not they wish to recognize voting rights for some racial groups or inter racial marriages should not all rights be protected regardless of where a citizent lives for those who believe lgbt citizens have equal rights explain why they can be fired for their sexuality in some states and from the military no once enough states come around a federal case would allow for overiding the state laws this is how roe v wade worked and knocking down the sodomy laws in yes it is a cop out which means i do not want to risk my political clout for your cause this was used by some during the desegregation and black rights issues in the 's it was a convenient way for them to turn their back on blacks it was wrong then and it is wrong now when i am voting for president i am voting for character i want someone sitting as president that has a core set of values and make decisions based on those values i do not want someone taking polls and asking lobbyists for their opinions and i certainly do not want someone that will sway their opinion with the weather Lawrence v. Texas Supreme Court of the United States Democratic Party (United States) Same-sex marriage Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Equal Protection Clause Federal Marriage Amendment Civil rights Same-sex marriage in the United States Gay rights Roe v. Wade Same-sex marriage in Canada Desegregation American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Congress of the United States Anthony Kennedy Human rights in the United States Abortion in the United States NAACP Gay rights timeline Elections in the United States Sandra Day O'Connor Abortion debate Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Landmark decision Marriage United States Constitution John Edwards Griswold v. Connecticut President of Germany Bowers v. Hardwick John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Jim Crow law U.S. Electoral College George Wallace Religion and sexual orientation Timeline of the American Civil Rights Movement Due process Privacy Brown v. Board of Education William Rehnquist Rick Santorum Homophobia U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Suffrage European Convention on Human Rights U.S. presidential election, 2000 Democracy Civil Rights Act of 1964 Liberal Democrats (UK) Racial segregation Hillary Rodham Clinton Defense of Marriage Act Civil union Southern United States Election Russ Feingold Plessy v. Ferguson Theory of conduct Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 United States House of Representatives Separation of church and state Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe Tom DeLay Gerrymandering Freedom of speech Judicial activism United States Senate John Roberts Supreme Court nomination and hearings American Civil Liberties Union Instant-runoff voting Family First Party History of South Africa in the apartheid era First Amendment to the United States Constitution Campaign finance reform Sexual orientation Equal Rights Amendment Romer v. Evans Christian right Ralph Nader American Civil Rights Movement (1896-1954) U.S. presidential election, 2004 Government of France Divorce Status of religious freedom in France Homosexuality and Judaism Weimar constitution U.S. presidential election, 2008 Canadian House of Commons Byron White 