teachers and students what will you be feeling when teacher astronaut barbara morgan lifts off this evening wow this one must really be under the radar after two space shuttle disasters and a year delay there will finally be a teacher in space what do you think anyone remember christa mcauliffe i will have mixed emotions in the early ' s i wanted to be the teacher they chose to go up in the shuttle then when the disaster occurred it affected me probably more than the average person because i had so badly wanted to go myself i am glad a teacher gets to finally go i pray for a successful mission but there is still a touch of envy because i would love to go myself Christa McAuliffe STS-51-L Space Shuttle Challenger Space Shuttle Columbia disaster Space Shuttle program Space Shuttle Discovery Space Shuttle Columbia Crew Exploration Vehicle Space disaster National Aeronautics and Space Administration Hubble Space Telescope John F. Kennedy Space Center Framingham, Massachusetts STS-26 International Space Station STS-114 Ellison Onizuka Extra-vehicular activity STS-63 Hermes (shuttle) STS-61 Space exploration STS-107 Expedition 9 Saturn V Funeral Mir SpaceCamp Atmospheric reentry Patti LaBelle Rick D. Husband Human spaceflight STS-1 Kalpana Chawla Soviet space program North American X-15 Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Booster Asperger syndrome Apollo 11 Past teachings of Prem Rawat Space Shuttle Atlantis EastEnders STS-59 STS-33 Space Race Ken Mattingly STS-30 Linda M. Godwin European Space Agency Bowie State University Norman Thagard STS-81 Apollo moon landing hoax accusations Barbra Streisand Synthetic aperture radar Richard O. Covey Jean Grey Eileen Collins Asexuality SS Andrea Doria John W. Young Expedition 6 STS-84 William C. McCool Battle of the Bulge Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks STS-5 STS-97 Joseph H. Engle Daniel W. Bursch Miami-Dade County Public Schools STS-60 Congressional Space Medal of Honor Sean O'Keefe STS-86 The Catcher in the Rye Magellan probe April 2005 in science 2061: Odyssey Three Dick Scobee STS-61-B Leroy Chiao Michael R. Clifford Deep Space Homer STS-29 STS-80 Teacher Sylvia and Gerry Anderson M*A*S*H (TV series) Orbital Space Plane Wendy B. Lawrence Space tourism Expedition 2 David M. Brown STS-37 Canadian Space Agency Launch complex 39 Space flight simulator 