sunderland vs tottenham correct score will it be a stalemate a giant killing or a thumping back down to were you came from sunderland i will pick it at random ish between the correct answers me from http www babesandbet com thriller FA Cup Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Newcastle United F.C. HyperText Transfer Protocol Crystal Palace F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. World Wide Web Chris Waddle Press Your Luck Wigan Athletic F.C. Mick Channon $ale of the Century George Graham (footballer) The Contender (television series) Short Sunderland The Princeton Review Football records in England FA Premier League 2005-06 Roy Keane Web server Clive Allen The Football League Norwich City F.C. Teddy Sheringham Terry McDermott Monty Hall problem Sunderland A.F.C. Coventry City F.C. Uniform Resource Locator Chess terminology David Vernon Watson 2005-06 in English football Frank Lampard Alan Sunderland Peter Lorimer Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. New York Giants History of Arsenal F.C. RuneScape Random Events Peter Reid Tic-Tac-Dough Unreal Science Bowl Football World Cup 1966 Michael Thomas Videocon Tri-Series 2005-06 Randomized algorithm Tottenham Court Road tube station Kevin Phillips (footballer) Swindon Town F.C. Hollywood Squares Billy Bremner Rasch model City of Sunderland USS Whale (SS-239) Wheel of Fortune White Hart Lane Slashdot subculture Namsos campaign Transport Layer Security August 2005 in sports 2002-03 in English football Bayesian inference FA Premier League Bill Nicholson (footballer) Crossword Graeme Souness Bobby Charlton National Football League Lore Ronnie Whelan Niall Quinn Brian Clough Domain Name System Canasta The Da Vinci Code Random walk 2005 World Series Ray Kennedy Drag racing SAT Zen Charles Spencer, 3rd Earl of Sunderland Sunderland James Milner (footballer) 2003-04 in English football HTTP cookie Standardized testing XMLHTTP Turok: Rage Wars The Ashes Jeopardy! Claudio Ranieri University of Sunderland Binomial distribution Pyramid (game show) Paul Ince Liverpool F.C. Confidence interval Split Second QI 