shall i get drunk today yes the start or the season is upon us much to the dissapointment of my missus i shall be cheering on the wolves from the south bank after paying our respects to the mighty derek dougan my question is shall i disobay the wife and drink loads and risk an ear bashing of do i stay sober and behave myself i know wot id rather do lol enjoy today fellow footy fans well i guess now that your team has lost you have no choice but to get drunk sorry mate but if it's any consolation i hate watford because i used to live in luton and support them and watford were our arch rivals never mind i'm sure it was just a fluke Watford F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Torquay United F.C. The Contender (television series) New York Giants Denis Law Swindon Town F.C. Reggie Jackson Alcoholics Anonymous Trevor Steven Portsmouth F.C. Wheel of Fortune Peter Cook Luton Town F.C. T'Pol Ray Harford Manchester United F.C. Harry Nilsson West Ham United F.C. M1 motorway Sydney Riot of 1879 Eddie Guerrero Japanese tea ceremony Everwood Brian Close Wipeout (game) Leeds United F.C. Steve Hodge Saracens F.C. Vulcan (Star Trek) Ronny Rosenthal Jacky Ickx George Brown, Baron George-Brown Ty Cobb Mark Calaway Millwall F.C. Rocko's Modern Life Paul Ince FA Cup Gray Wolf Vivian Stanshall Big Brother (USA TV series) The Footy Show New England Patriots Kenny Sansom Alex Ferguson 2005-06 in English football Nigel Winterburn Notts County F.C. Alex Rodriguez Crystal Palace F.C. Humphrey Bogart Newcastle United F.C. Big Brother UK series 6 Pittsburgh Steelers EastEnders New York Knicks Hiking Cheers Boston Red Sox Utah Jazz B3ta Dog Hendrick Motorsports Lol Coxhill RuneScape quests One-hit wonder Bristol City F.C. Ken Jennings Los Angeles Kings National Football League Social rule Jason Stevens Avenue Q Nottingham Forest F.C. The Amazing Race Satchel Paige Franklin Pierce Goldstein's book 2003-04 in English football Jeb Bush Wimbledon F.C. Stanley Cup Sydney Swans Bad Wolf Dave Bassett Knots Landing Ayrton Senna You Don't Know Jack Clapham Junction Columbo Hathor 2005 English cricket season Baccarat Home run Nikita Koloff New York Mets Minor league baseball Shaggy dog story 