wolves v watford good morning all the season starts today and as a life long wolves fan i am now very exited about the st game at molineux versus watford but what do you budding athletes think the score will be today for my bet oh and good luck to all other teams today enjoy it its gonna be a warm one carl in our house my hubby son want wolves to slaughter watford they are luton town fans they are off to the match also today fantastic means i can crash on the sofa watch a good old girly film i love football days good luck to wolves Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Watford F.C. FA Cup Luton Town F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. National Football League 2005-06 in English football Ronny Rosenthal Saracens F.C. West Ham United F.C. Dunstable Town F.C. Swindon Town F.C. Watford 2003-04 in English football Denis Law Manchester United F.C. 2001-02 in English football Cleveland Browns Torquay United F.C. Alex Ferguson Crystal Palace F.C. Satchel Paige Minnesota Vikings 1986 World Series Kenny Sansom 2002-03 in English football Pete Rose Kansas City Chiefs Pittsburgh Steelers League Cup FA Premier League 2002-03 New York Giants Cork City F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts Portsmouth F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Robbie Keane Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. World Series Negro league baseball Paul Ince 2005 English cricket season Dave Bassett Sheffield United F.C. 1957 World Series American Football League Fighting Fantasy Game Books History of baseball in the United States New England Patriots Chris Amon Norway national football team FC Rostov Everton F.C. Sports betting St. Louis Cardinals Steve Hodge Des Walker History of Test cricket (to 1883) Melbourne Cricket Ground M1 motorway Arkansas Razorbacks Syracuse University Orange Washington State University Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) College football Kevin Phillips (footballer) Aston Villa F.C. Married... with Children Michael Jordan Yao Ming Gianluca Vialli Football (soccer) FC Barcelona Troms__ I.L. Millwall F.C. Kevin Keegan Minnesota Timberwolves February 2005 in sports Jim Thorpe Ray Harford Sydney Riot of 1879 Jack Charlton New York Knicks Bushey Perth Glory Bryan Robson International cricket in 2005 Super Bowl XXXIV New York Yankees Rocko's Modern Life Ipswich Town F.C. 1896 Summer Olympics Leeds United F.C. Match fixing Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Gaelic Athletic Association Fulham F.C. Baseball England national football team 