should man u be aloud to get tevez surely its still a dodgy deal and they are paying someone outside of football a transfer fee and if he is on loan as was said who is he on loan from not a club should the premier league be run like some dodgy south american league and is this good for football me from http www babesandbet com bet i agree it is still dodgy cause who owns him he has brought shame to english football he should be banned for years at least how has the fa still let this go ahead he his on loan but that is not how the english game is run he must be on loan from a club so what is his club the whole deal just stinks The Football League Alex Ferguson Portsmouth F.C. FC Barcelona Everton F.C. Manchester United F.C. Chelsea F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Leeds United F.C. Norwich City F.C. Teddy Sheringham National Football League Real Madrid 2005-06 in English football Newcastle United F.C. English football league system Liverpool F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. FA Premier League Pete Rose 2005-06 in Scottish football Nottingham Forest F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. Arsenal F.C. Norwegian Premier League American football Professional sports NFL on television Football Michael Owen Rangers F.C. David Beckham R.S.C. Anderlecht Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Aberdeen F.C. West Ham United F.C. Coventry City F.C. Tris Speaker Valencia CF 2003-04 in English football Aston Villa F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Torquay United F.C. Troms__ I.L. Rugby union Fabien Barthez Hastings United FC Rugby league Football Conference Wimbledon F.C. Football in England Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Frank Lampard Northern Premier League Manchester City F.C. Cork City F.C. Athletic Bilbao Tranmere Rovers F.C. Football (soccer) Playoff The Football Association League Cup FA Premier League 2002-03 Major League Baseball television contracts Super League (Australia) Isthmian League American Football League Real Betis National League System Sheffield United F.C. Cronulla Sharks Nicolas Anelka Kieron Dyer Football records in England Southern Football League Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Steve McManaman Football in the United Kingdom Ronny Rosenthal National Rugby League Dundee United F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 Scottish Premier League Wayne Rooney Victorian Football League Gaelic football History of rugby union Sevilla FC Stockport County F.C. Boston Red Sox Sports betting Peter Reid Kansas City, Missouri Yeovil Town F.C. Citigroup Hyde United F.C. Eric Cantona Chivas de Guadalajara 