name one player that never played for your club that you wish had for me it has to be alan shearer can i go for a whole different team the year we fell out the prem give me the points guvnor i m only a poor orphan lad with no mummy and daddy can you please put a smile on my sad face Alan Shearer The Football League Newcastle United F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Current teachings of Prem Rawat Chicago Cubs Southampton F.C. Football records in England Teddy Sheringham Steve McManaman Golf Troms__ I.L. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. FIFA World Player of the Year 1981 World Series Ray Harford IFK G__teborg Past teachings of Prem Rawat FA Premier League 1992-93 Cork City F.C. Tony Adams (footballer) Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Softball Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. 2004 American League Championship Series The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Seattle Mariners West Bromwich Albion F.C. National Football League 1981 baseball strike Futebol Clube do Porto Frankie Vaughan Hurling Shaggy dog story American football Portsmouth F.C. Poker jargon West Ham United F.C. Denis Law Frankie Laine Tournament Bristol Rugby Boston Red Sox Come to Daddy SM-liiga New York Knicks Vanilla Ninja Sheffield United F.C. FC Rostov Alan Ball (footballer) History of Test cricket (to 1883) Kevin Keegan Scum (film) History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) Swindon Town F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Fitzroy Football Club The Rock (entertainer) Golf glossary Alex Ferguson Kent County Cricket Club in 2005 Leeds United F.C. Rugby league David Batty Cap Anson R.S.C. Anderlecht Primera Divisi__n Argentina Yao Ming Rugby union Ruud Gullit W. G. Grace RuneScape quests Millwall F.C. Hearts (game) Major League Baseball Password (game) Smiley Laws of cricket Los Angeles Clippers Actua Soccer Playoff Detroit Tigers Sol Campbell Water polo Sheepshead Texas hold 'em Playoff format Euchre Sussex County Cricket Club in 2005 Tutankhamun President (game) Kevin Nash Dundee F.C. Mobile Fighter G Gundam History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) National Basketball Association Springfield Elementary School Card game 