premiership starts tomorrow and the biggest surprises of the summer were phileas anelka's caravan is still parked up outside the reebok stadium though the tank is full and the key is in the ignition titus bumble is getting another season of premiership football which will be quickly followed by a season of championship football followed by a the prisoners of upton park correctional facility have yet to make an appearance on crimewatch plans for a pre season golfing trip in india were wisely scrapped but unicef have task force at the ready at all times emile heskey reveals that his england career is over experts have sent the news to be carbon dated other news lampard's contract talks stall over proposed pie clause the old trafford halloween mask shop reports record high sales lawrie sanchez realises fulham weren't relegated last season and makes a bid for norn iron hardman gerry taggart to shore up his defence think of anything else surprising that happened over the summer and just before t h stormed off for sunny spain his girlfriend had thought it was time to settle down but he reportedly told her he wasn't good at taking care of kids the split came when she asked what he'd been doing at highbury these few years West Ham United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Kevin Keegan FA Premier League 2004-05 Ipswich Town F.C. FA Cup Leeds United F.C. England national football team Emile Heskey Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Alex Ferguson FA Premier League David Beckham Bryan Robson Frank Lampard Sheffield United F.C. Football records in England Fulham F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Chelsea F.C. London Portsmouth F.C. Ray Harford Denis Law Queens Park Rangers F.C. Sport in the United Kingdom R.S.C. Anderlecht Sunderland A.F.C. Everton F.C. Leicester City F.C. Jos__ Mourinho Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Wimbledon F.C. Guinness Premiership Nigel Winterburn Paul Ince West Bromwich Albion F.C. Manchester United F.C. Real Madrid Millwall F.C. Newcastle United F.C. August 2005 in sports David O'Leary Harry Redknapp Emirates Stadium Southampton F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Charlton Athletic F.C. Watford F.C. Manchester City F.C. Notts County F.C. 2005-06 in English football Coventry City F.C. EastEnders Arsenal F.C. West Indian cricket team Peter Reid The Catcher in the Rye Causeway Stadium Wayne Rooney Ray Wilkins Carolina Panthers Troms__ I.L. Big Brother (USA TV series) San Francisco 49ers Sports timeline Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome Spice Girls Alan Shearer FA Premier League 1994-95 2003-04 in English football James Milner (footballer) Lee Dixon FA Premier League 2001-02 Friends The Football League Norway national football team Bolton Wanderers F.C. FA Premier League 2005-06 Teddy Sheringham Tottenham Hotspur F.C. 24 Hours of Le Mans Manchester Major League Baseball television contracts Canterbury Bulldogs The Adventures of Pete & Pete Peter Crouch Weebl and Bob Leicester Torquay United F.C. Major League Soccer FA Premier League 2002-03 Liverpool F.C. 