west ham united the fire brigade phoned alan curbishly this morning and the fire officer said alan i have some terrible news upton park is on fire oh no the cups you must save the cups said alan not to worry said the fire officer it hasn't reached the kitchen yet lmfao peakcock you must be a whu fan yoo kant evven spelle i also hear that alan curbishley is in hospital he has a bad side West Ham United F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. FA Cup Charlton Athletic F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Boleyn Ground Frank Lampard I'm Alan Partridge Alex Ferguson Battles of Lexington and Concord Alan Mullery Farnborough Town F.C. Sheffield United F.C. David Beckham Alan Hansen Football records in England Bobby Moore FA Premier League 1994-95 Aston Villa F.C. Glenn Roeder Harry Redknapp Depeche Mode Battle of Singapore Leeds United F.C. Small Soldiers Alan Smith Alan Shearer Torquay United F.C. Teddy Sheringham Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict 2004 Alan Partridge Breaker Morant Wishbone Ash Manchester United F.C. London Borough of Newham Paul Ince London Alan Kennedy Dream Team (TV series) Football World Cup Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Gordon Banks Selma, Alabama FA Premier League 1993-94 2001-02 in English football Ipswich Town F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Forfar Athletic F.C. Martin Peters Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Maccabi Haifa F.C. Teachers (film) Ray Harford Iman Darweesh Al Hams Major League Soccer James Milner (footballer) Al-Aqsa Intifada Geoff Hurst Rose (Doctor Who) Alan Ball (footballer) Wimbledon F.C. Opie and Anthony Indian Oil Cup 2005 Suffolk County, New York Charge of the Light Brigade Battle of Chunuk Bair George Crook Michael Dennis Rohan Millwall F.C. Futurama (TV series - season 5) Dundee United F.C. David O'Leary Alan Kulwicki The Football League Shaggy dog story Oasis (band) Culp's Hill Tranmere Rovers F.C. Battle of Selma Queens Park Rangers F.C. IX Corps (ACW) Phoebe Halliwell Bryan Robson Manchester City F.C. Heineken Cup Rob Lee Alone in the Dark (series) Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Celtic F.C. Sammy Lee Violence in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict 2005 Football World Cup 1990 Characters in the Southern Victory series England national football team Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Norway national football team Tony Cottee 