do you think indain football players play just for a job the football condition in india is pretty pathetic the thing is that no one pays enough attention to football in india everyone is after cricket football craze is there but all of us just appreciate and watch european football not bothering about indian or asian football the thing is football isn't as commercialized in india as it is in europe we don't have big businessmen owning our clubs people will notice and participate in indian football only if there are enough facilities which we sadly lack we do have some promising african players but on the whole indian soccer badly needs a miracle for the sport to be truly promoted fifa is doing its best only if india proves herself in the international stage will people want to play league soccer in india also indian footballers must prove themselves in the international stage in order to be noticed by the big european clubs it is about time football conditions improved here in india Football (soccer) FIFA Major League Soccer Sport in Ireland Norway national football team Indian sport Newcastle United F.C. FIFA Series Football World Cup Professional sports Football National Football League American football Football in the United Kingdom Football culture Australian rules football England national football team FA Premier League Football in India The Football League Gaelic football Rugby league in England History of rugby league European/South American Cup Bundesliga (football) Germany national football team Rugby league UEFA Champions League Women's football (soccer) Brazil national football team Sport Chelsea F.C. Sport in the United Kingdom Football at the Summer Olympics David Beckham Major professional sports league Real Madrid History of rugby union Minor league baseball Rugby football George Best Leeds United F.C. Kolkata Alex Ferguson Football in Sweden Notts County F.C. Diego Maradona Rugby union Olympic Stadium, Berlin Zin__dine Zidane Wrexham A.F.C. International cricket in South Africa (1971 to 1981) Amateurism Blackburn Rovers F.C. East Bengal Club West Bromwich Albion F.C. February 2005 in sports Gaelic Athletic Association Gordon Strachan Football World Cup 2002 Ravi Shastri Match fixing Portsmouth F.C. Salary cap Pel__ India Football in England Carlton Football Club 2004-05 in English football Torquay United F.C. Celtic F.C. History of cricket Jack Charlton May 2005 in sports Brian Clough Cliftonville F.C. International cricket in 2005 West Ham United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Melbourne Cricket Ground Durban Playoff format Leicester IFK G__teborg Crystal Palace F.C. Sport Club Corinthians Paulista R.S.C. Anderlecht Lev Yashin Australian cricket team 2004-05 NHL lockout April 2005 in sports Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Super League (Australia) Sports in Puerto Rico Bryan Robson 