football has there ever been a team thats had a downfall as bad as leeds utd seems incredible that less than years ago they were reaching the latter stages of the champions league and now they find themselves with a point start to their rd division campaign in short has a team ever before had this much of a downfall the only one i could think of is wimbledon and or swindon jason a surely the question here should have been 'has there ever been a club as hated as leeds utd ' what a stupid answer to a decent question as a leeds fan i am upset by what has happened as are many other leeds fans in the world over the past months we have had a lot to deal with relegation was a massive blow but then to have lots of rumours and idiots in between then we are faced with a point deduction i do believe we can survive and i don't think there has ever been a team that has been as hard hit as leeds have i empathise with all my fellow leeds fans and i think this season we should concentrate on survival with the points and then next season concentrate on promotion Leeds United F.C. West Ham United F.C. Manchester United F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Alex Ferguson David Beckham Kevin Keegan 2004-05 in English football Newcastle United F.C. Chelsea F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Wimbledon F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. Cork City F.C. Watford F.C. Torquay United F.C. Jack Charlton Milton Keynes Dons F.C. Swindon Town F.C. Queens Park Rangers F.C. Gordon Strachan Playoff Coventry City F.C. The Football League David O'Leary Crystal Palace F.C. 2003-04 in English football Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. 2005 English cricket season History of Arsenal F.C. Leicester City F.C. New York Knicks FA Premier League 2004-05 Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. 2001-02 in English football Dundee United F.C. FA Premier League 2002-03 FA Premier League 1994-95 Fulham F.C. Everton F.C. Derby County F.C. FA Premier League 2001-02 Luton Town F.C. Bryan Robson FA Premier League 1993-94 Pittsburgh Steelers Brian Clough Billy Bremner R.S.C. Anderlecht Troms__ I.L. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Tranmere Rovers F.C. New York Giants IFK G__teborg Peter Reid Joe Jordan (footballer) Osvaldo Ardiles League Cup Farnborough Town F.C. FA Premier League Bristol Rovers F.C. Wrexham A.F.C. Harry Redknapp Stockport County F.C. AFC Wimbledon Norway national football team University College Dublin F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts Hastings United FC Bundesliga (football) York City F.C. FA Premier League 2000-01 Dave Bassett Football in England Peter Shilton Boston Bruins Football records in England Manchester City F.C. University of Texas at Dallas Boston Red Sox Barnsley F.C. April 2005 in sports Aston Villa F.C. Trevor Cherry Notts County F.C. FA Premier League 1999-00 James Milner (footballer) Oxford United F.C. Wimbledon, London FA Premier League 1992-93 