players you regretted letting go i bet everton regret letting leighton baines go as a youngster when they have paid six million or so to get him back who has your team let go that you would like back ledley you had a goalie that was excellent baardsen was good would have been world class don't know why you let him go gerrard unlucky for everton got kicked out of the everton training camp because of his fitness and then went to the liverpool training camp instead the rest is history Everton F.C. England national football team Alex Ferguson Jack Charlton Liverpool F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Steven Gerrard Trevor Steven Manchester United 1986-1999 Phil Thompson Alan Ball (footballer) 2004-05 in English football Steve Heighway Ipswich Town F.C. FA Premier League Michael Owen Norway national football team Jamie Carragher Philip Neville Joe Mercer West Bromwich Albion F.C. Gary Stevens Water polo Steve McManaman Pittsburgh Steelers Sydney Riot of 1879 Paul Ince FA Premier League 2002-03 Goaltender FA Premier League 1994-95 Leigh Richmond Roose Alan Hansen Steve McMahon History of Arsenal F.C. Steve Nicol Daniel Amokachi West Indian cricket team Nigel Martyn John Barnes (footballer) Joe Royle Lacrosse FA Premier League 1995-96 The Football League Wayne Rooney John Aldridge Bryan Robson Viv Anderson Terry McDermott Spread betting David Vernon Watson Howard Kendall Peter Reid Ray Wilson (footballer) Bill Nicholson (footballer) Football culture Gordon Banks Liverpool Los Angeles Kings February 2005 in sports Football records in England 2005-06 in English football Poker jargon Graeme Souness Rugby union positions Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Kenny Sansom Tommy Smith Steve Staunton Phil Neal Norman Hunter David Beckham Pete Rose Tranmere Rovers F.C. Chris Amon Jacques Plante FC Rostov Rugby union American football Gary Ablett (footballer) FA Premier League 2004-05 Rugby league 1919 World Series Rugby football Rangers F.C. Manchester United F.C. Montreal Canadiens Craig Johnston Ocean's Twelve Hillsborough disaster David Johnson (footballer) Aston Villa F.C. Peter Shilton Ian St. John Coventry City F.C. Denis Law Badminton Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Ty Cobb 