statue of your 'modern day footballing hero' to the best of my knowledge all the statues you get at various football grounds always depicts a legend of that clubs yester year who has probably now passed away whilst this is obvious and your club history is important would you like to see your 'modern day hero' immortalised if so which one of your current players would you choose at blackpool we have a statue of our legend 'stan mortenson' i would choose our little irish wizzard ' wes hoolohan' as the one i would like to see from our current squad best wishes dave hiya man of kent yeah maybe 'hero' is a little ott for a description of a footballer but the definition of hero in the dictionary does state see explanation he ro h r n pl he roes in mythology and legend a man often of divine ancestry who is endowed with great courage and strength celebrated for his bold exploits and favored by the gods a person noted for feats of courage or nobility of purpose especially one who has risked or sacrificed his or her life a person noted for special achievement in a particular field the principal male character in a novel poem or dramatic presentation to me footballers fall into that category especially my beloved blackpool hiya doctor john george best was a unique legend way before my time though i remember seeing clips of him in the black white days sarcastic git that i am gone but never forgotten pure genius hiya ledzeppelinben yep good one 'mighty' quinn the saviour hiya dan that's also a cracking shout there mate at sunderland we have a statue of bob stokoe outside the stadium he was the manager who led us to the f a cup final where we beat the mighty leeds united they were the best team in the world at the time out of modern players i would say we should probably have a statue of kevin phillips our top post war goalscorer also the last englishman to get goals in one premiership season but more deserving would be niall quinn he's loved by everyone on wearside not just because of his footballing abilities but also for his charitable work he donated all the money raised in his testimonial to childrens hospitals in sunderland and dublin now he has returned to the club he loves and is waking the sleeping giants unfotunately there won't be a statue of him built while he is the club chairman he's just too modest hopefully in years to come he'll be immortalised in a statue and remembered as the man who saved sunderland association football club here's a famous quote from niall that blatently shows his love for sunderland i learned my trade at arsenal became a footballer at manchester city but sunderland got under my skin i love sunderland the guys a legend out of the current players there isn't one who can be considered a legend yet in a few years though the most likely candidates are paul mcshane craig gordon carlos edwards nyron nosworthy dean whitehead or michael chopra Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Manchester City F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Torquay United F.C. Leeds United F.C. Coventry City F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Niall Quinn Manchester United F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Arsenal F.C. Everton F.C. Chelsea F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Kevin Keegan FA Premier League Leicester City F.C. England national football team Southampton F.C. Alex Ferguson West Ham United F.C. The Football League Liverpool F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Peter Reid Steve McManaman Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles FA Premier League 2001-02 Rangers F.C. David Beckham Norwich City F.C. Alan Shearer Norway national football team Sheffield Wednesday F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Bryan Robson Notts County F.C. Millwall F.C. FA Premier League 2002-03 2001-02 in English football FA Premier League 1992-93 Wigan Athletic F.C. New York Giants Bobby Charlton Cincinnati Bengals Swindon Town F.C. San Francisco 49ers New York Mets Jack Charlton FA Premier League 2004-05 FA Premier League 1995-96 David Vernon Watson 2005-06 in English football St Patrick's Athletic F.C. St. Louis Rams History of Arsenal F.C. San Francisco Giants National Football League Tranmere Rovers F.C. Gordon Strachan Huddersfield Giants Alan Ball (footballer) University College Dublin F.C. David O'Leary August 2005 in sports FA Premier League 1994-95 Essendon Football Club Frank Lampard Australian Football League Derby County F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Paul Ince Dundee United F.C. Cork City F.C. Wimbledon F.C. Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Billy Bremner International League All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Norman Hunter Arsenal F.C. statistics Steve Coppell Football records in England F.C. United of Manchester Wayne Rooney Joe Jordan (footballer) 