strength of the epl after summer transfers do you think the epl will be 'stronger' than last year after the following transfers into epl fernando torres atletico madrid to liverpool anderson fc porto to man u nani sporting fc to man u claudio pizarro bayern munich to chelsea jonathan woodgate real madrid to middlesbrough gareth bale southampton c to tottenham hotspur owen hargreaves bayern munich to manchester city andriy voronin bayer leverkusen to liverpool eduardo da silva dinamo zagreb to arsenal tuncay sanli fenerbahce to middlesbrough florent malouda lyon to chelsea martin petrov athletico madrid to manchester city jose enrique sanchez villareal to newcastle out of epl robbie fowler liverpool to cardiff city c dennis rommedahl charlton to ajax khalid boulahrouz chelsea to sevilla juan pablo angel aston villa to ny redbulls thierry henry arsenal to barcelona jose antonio reyes arsenal to athletico madrid giuseppe rossi man u to villareal did i miss any big ones i don't see woodgate as in as he played for boro last year i don't see reyes as out as he did not play for the gunners last year same logic to rossi so these transfers do not alter the strength of the epl relative to last season as i see it the only major loss is henry although the th loss is huge to the epl and i'm a man utd fan the epl is overall stronger than last year i see it like this hargreaves nani anderson malouda torres to name the biggest names are collectively better than henry henry is better than all of them individually but if barcelona were offered all of the aforementioned for a straight swap of henry i think they would take it the epl basically made this swap also we have not heard the last from chelsea they will bring in someone daniel alves i would also factor in championship players such as garreth bale and david nugent as being new as they did not play in the epl last year the epl lost some star power in henry but the overall depth and quality of the league will be higher this year Aston Villa F.C. August 2005 in sports FA Cup Chelsea F.C. November 2004 in sports 2001-02 in English football February 2005 in sports UEFA Champions League Tottenham Hotspur F.C. England national football team September 2004 in sports September 2005 in sports FA Premier League History of Arsenal F.C. Futebol Clube do Porto October 2004 in sports Local derby Football records in England Bryan Robson Manchester United 1986-1999 West Ham United F.C. Claudio Ranieri R.S.C. Anderlecht FC Barcelona Everton F.C. The Football League West Bromwich Albion F.C. FA Premier League 1995-96 April 2005 in sports Bayern Munich David Beckham Arsenal F.C. Football firm Portsmouth F.C. Current sports events Rangers F.C. FA Premier League 2003-04 Jos__ Mourinho European Footballer of the Year March 2005 in sports Jack Charlton Michael Owen Atl__tico de Madrid Liverpool F.C. FA Premier League 1994-95 Graeme Souness Frank Lampard Valencia CF FA Premier League 2004-05 Sevilla FC PFA Young Player of the Year Steve McManaman Robert Pir__s FA Premier League 2000-01 Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year Crystal Palace F.C. Madrid FA Premier League 2005-06 Club Atl__tico River Plate Billy Bremner October 2005 in sports Andriy Shevchenko Football in the United Kingdom Bobby Charlton Manchester United 1945-1969 Nottingham Forest F.C. Queens Park Rangers F.C. FA Premier League 2001-02 Sheffield United F.C. Football culture Norwich City F.C. Celta Vigo Troms__ I.L. Jos__ Antonio Reyes Teddy Sheringham FIFA Series FA Premier League 1992-93 David O'Leary Deco Bayer Leverkusen Middlesbrough F.C. George Graham (footballer) Alan Shearer 