does anyone think steve mclaren is a terrible england manager he just seems to babble on about how good we play when we clearly play like a bunch of pissed up sunday league lads i thought he was a terrible choice from the start he hardly set middlesborough alight yeah fair enough he's bagged us a couple of fantastic draws with the footballing super nations israel and macedonia and a defeat to the subliminal croatia but can he get any better he just laughs after the games like he's stoned and reitirates how good lampard and gerrard are in the middle when my year old gran even knows lampard is a pile of shite for england and needs removing immediatley to save face an average coach an average manager and the worst choice since taylor lampard is over rated over paid and is not gerrard we needed someone to wake the prima donnas up and mac wont do it i vote for your nan she knows her stuff Frank Lampard England national football team National Football League Norway national football team Super Bowl Cincinnati Bengals Baseball Kansas City Chiefs New England Patriots Pittsburgh Steelers New York Giants San Francisco 49ers Leicester City F.C. West Ham United F.C. Super Bowl XXIV Harry Redknapp Buffalo Bills Super Bowl XXI Carolina Panthers Miami Dolphins Bobby Charlton Gordon Banks Football World Cup Canterbury Bulldogs Super Bowl XXIII Peter Shilton Steven Gerrard Friends Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Super Bowl XXV Minnesota Vikings Bundesliga (football) Claudio Ranieri Bryan Robson Denver Broncos St. Louis Rams New York Jets Super Bowl XIV Super Bowl XXXI Jack Charlton Tampa Bay Buccaneers Super Bowl XXVII FA Cup Oakland Athletics England national rugby union team John Arne Riise Brian Close American football Xabi Alonso Sven-G__ran Eriksson Crystal Palace F.C. Chelsea F.C. National Rugby League February 2005 in sports Michael Owen The Ashes New York Knicks Jos__ Mourinho English cricket team Super Bowl XXVI 2000 Australian Grand Prix Dallas Cowboys 2004-05 in English football Super Bowl XXII Total Network Solutions F.C. 1957 World Series FC Rostov Steve McManaman Wales national rugby union team IFK G__teborg Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Super Bowl III John Terry Middlesbrough F.C. Washington Redskins Beitar Jerusalem FC Cleveland Browns Blackburn Rovers F.C. Philadelphia Eagles FA Premier League 2003-04 Major League Baseball All-Star Game Chris Woods Super Bowl V Middlesbrough Steve Heighway Notts County F.C. Denis Law 1981 World Series Super Bowl I Football in the United Kingdom Tennessee Titans Alex Ferguson New Orleans Saints Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Celtic F.C. Football World Cup 1990 Mahjong Voting system David Vernon Watson 