whos' better david james or paul robinson i know he makes basic errors but surely david james is the best english goalkeeper in are league the portsmouth defence was solid last season and he played amazing even with errors he still got to be better then robinson who seems to have butterfingers and never convinces me from http www babesandbet com david james was one of the best last season as stats will show and the same stats put robinson as one of the worst but don't tell the spurs fans let them keep thinking he's the best as as long as he's there don't matter how many goals their strikers score ol' butter fingers will concede more remember the cup game with chelsea say no more Leeds United F.C. FA Cup Alex Ferguson Aston Villa F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. 2004-05 in English football Nottingham Forest F.C. England national football team Gordon Banks Torquay United F.C. National Hockey League Ipswich Town F.C. Notts County F.C. Liverpool F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Frank Lampard Norway national football team Dennis Bergkamp FA Premier League 2004-05 Rangers F.C. Troms__ I.L. 2001-02 in English football FA Premier League 2003-04 History of Arsenal F.C. San Antonio Spurs Jack Charlton R.S.C. Anderlecht Bryan Robson David James (footballer) FC Rostov 2005-06 in English football Sheffield United F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 Bundesliga (football) FA Premier League 1993-94 Crystal Palace F.C. Manchester City F.C. David Robinson (basketball player) Nigel Martyn F.C. United of Manchester FA Premier League 1995-96 Baseball FA Premier League 1994-95 Perth Glory FC Barcelona Swindon Town F.C. Celtic F.C. Maccabi Haifa F.C. Hern__n Crespo Peter Shilton Portsmouth F.C. UEFA Champions League Blackburn Rovers F.C. November 2004 in sports Wimbledon F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Wayne Gretzky Arsenal F.C. Michael Owen Fulham F.C. Aberdeen F.C. Jimmy Greaves Graeme Souness Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. David Beckham The Football League Bobby Charlton Geoff Hurst Football (soccer) World Series 2003-04 in English football Trevor Francis Norwich City F.C. Los Angeles Kings Southampton F.C. Gianluca Vialli West Ham United F.C. Jos__ Mourinho Football records in England Brian Clough Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Oakland Athletics Dundee United F.C. League Cup Boston Red Sox Coventry City F.C. Norman Hunter Ali Daei John Aldridge New York Knicks Nwankwo Kanu Heart of Midlothian F.C. David Seaman Viking F.K. 