alex fergusion why should have the rights to stop a player going to any club just because it's liverpool who want him does he think he's god again alex ferguson thinks he is the biggest name in football just look at the star players he has got rid of just because they have a different point of view to him no one can take it away from him he is a modern day genius and i say modern day as i would not put him in the same class as the great bill shankly or bob paisley or even brian clouth or jock stein ferguson does have a flaw and it is his players must agree to his way of thinking or else so if ferguson can not show loyalty why should a player show him loyalty heinze should be able to sign for who ever he wants as long as the price is met and ferguson must of known what the contract had in it when heinze signed it Alex Ferguson Rangers F.C. Jock Stein Manchester United F.C. Celtic F.C. Leeds United F.C. Liverpool F.C. Newcastle United F.C. David Beckham Anfield Roy Keane Pittsburgh Steelers Everton F.C. 2004-05 in English football Alex Rodriguez Manchester United 1986-1999 Alan Hansen Graeme Souness FA Premier League 1995-96 Brian Clough Dundee F.C. Steve McManaman Topps Gabriel Heinze Ipswich Town F.C. Manchester United 1999-present Football culture Bryan Robson National Football League Buffalo Bills Paul Ince David Cooper (footballer) Salary cap Scotland national football team Denis Law Alex McLeish American Football League Ian Callaghan Wayne Rooney Ray Kennedy FA Premier League 1992-93 Monday Night Football Dundee United F.C. Negro league baseball The Football League Royal Canadian Air Farce Ian Paisley St Mirren F.C. Dunfermline Athletic F.C. Chelsea F.C. Essendon Football Club FA Premier League 1994-95 Arsenal F.C. Los Angeles Clippers Texas Rangers (baseball) Kenny Dalglish Cristiano Ronaldo Ars__ne Wenger Aston Villa F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Luton Town F.C. Steven Gerrard Rugby football Radical War Duncan Ferguson Portsmouth F.C. Tommy Smith Blackburn Rovers F.C. Plessy v. Ferguson Jeopardy! in culture David Johnson (footballer) Satchel Paige Nottingham Forest F.C. Pledge of Allegiance Walter Smith Tom Finney Rugby union Football (soccer) Kohlberg's stages of moral development Brian Epstein Eric Cantona Hamilton Academical F.C. Aberdeen F.C. Alan Smith Ghostwriter (television series) 2004-05 NHL lockout Kevin Keegan Motherwell F.C. Mary Robinson Knots Landing Terry McDermott FA Premier League 2001-02 Norway national football team Liverpool Crystal Palace F.C. Married... with Children Minor league baseball Brian Lenihan Ontario general election, 1990 