which of the new signings or new faces have impressed you on their debuts at this point i would say the two most impressive were bianchi for man city and not a new signing but a new face nosworthy for sunderland have to agree elano was very good it does pain me a little to keep praising man city me being a united fan but they did look good elano looked great torres looks promising getting in the right places and babel looked good for what we saw of him but i was very impressed with bianchi and elano Alex Ferguson Newcastle United F.C. The Contender (television series) 1957 World Series Norway national football team Emotions (album) Pittsburgh Steelers Sunderland A.F.C. York City F.C. Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Knots Landing Frank Lampard Peter Reid FA Premier League 2002-03 Hendrick Motorsports Vanilla Ninja Tower of Babel 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Bon Jovi Quarashi Internazionale The Football League Socrate Nottingham Forest F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Iggy Pop Crystal Palace F.C. Shawn Michaels Curvature of Riemannian manifolds Jacob Ayrton Senna Charles Darwin's views on religion Bruno of Cologne Italian American New England Patriots Mark Calaway John Berryman All My Children FA Cup Civilization III Michael Schumacher Emperor Guangwu of Han San Francisco Giants David O'Leary Ricky Ray Pain of Salvation Controversies in autism Paul Wight Eastern Orthodox Church Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism European Union 24 Hours of Le Mans Jos__ Torres Goodness and value theory Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Mariah Carey Coventry City F.C. Boston Red Sox Toronto Blue Jays Shake It Off Leeds United F.C. Lorentz group Heinkel He 100 Norwich City F.C. Seppuku Daredevil Qiyamah Maxwell's equations Jack Charlton City of Sunderland Sub-Zero Peter Senerca Grant Morrison Rich Mullins Paul Is Dead Humphrey Bogart Poker jargon Plame affair Stadium of Light Cork City F.C. Arctic Monkeys Shania Twain Montreal Screwjob Robin Ventura Oakland Athletics Social justice Muslim ibn Aqeel Chris Amon Andr__s Galarraga Megadeth Marco Pantani R. Kelly Babel Teddy Sheringham Eddie Murphy Chip Ganassi Racing 