how good were derby county today i think bloody brilliant football pundits can say were going down all they like we set out our stall today and now were going to try and prove all the pundits wrong i for one hope you do it matey i'm a tigers fan and a big regret is we didn't hold on to fagan he's gonna be one to watch the more premier league teams ouside of the capital the better spread the money out of london for a change good luck to you come on the rams Derby County F.C. Brian Clough American Football League Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Cincinnati Bengals Portsmouth F.C. Alan Hansen Leeds United F.C. Arsenal F.C. New York Giants Detroit Tigers Pittsburgh Steelers FA Premier League Fulham F.C. World Series Ann Coulter South Australian National Football League Torquay United F.C. New England Patriots Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Local derby The Football League Major League Baseball television contracts New York Jets St. Louis Rams National Football League Lore National Rugby League Ray Wilkins FA Premier League 2001-02 Salary cap FA Cup Rugby league Football culture Notts County F.C. Chicago White Sox Atlanta Braves Derby Newcastle United F.C. Troms__ I.L. Nottingham Forest F.C. Major League Baseball All-Star Game Cork City F.C. The Chemical Brothers Kevin Keegan Ty Cobb Iron Bowl Cleveland Browns New Orleans Saints Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Wimbledon F.C. Peter Shilton Sports timeline Phil Neal Norway national football team Dundee United F.C. Poker jargon West Ham United F.C. Victorian Football League Steve Nash History of baseball in the United States David Beckham History of rugby league Celtic F.C. Alex Ferguson FC Rostov Enfield F.C. Steve McManaman Paul Levesque Australian rules football Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Oakland Athletics Crystal Palace F.C. Super Bowl Playoff New York Yankees AFL-NFL Merger Minnesota Vikings Football in England British Collegiate American Football League Hamilton Tigers 2000 Australian Grand Prix Newport County A.F.C. Boston Bruins Hastings United FC Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum San Francisco 49ers April 2005 in sports Rangers F.C. Super League (Australia) KISS (band) Football (soccer) Monday Night Football Tennessee Titans Wigan Athletic F.C. Northern Premier League St. Louis Cardinals Manny Ram__rez Rugby football Football records in England 