anyone else glad to see the start of the footy season or are you a footy widow or just hate football altogether i love it and man city won today so our first points thats a good start for us whether we keep that up or not is another story hell effing yes im so glad it is starting again man city fan i see well we are supposed to hate each other hmm lol go man utd Manchester United F.C. University of Texas at Dallas The Footy Show Australian rules football Sheffield United F.C. Leeds United F.C. Jennifer Lopez Sydney Swans Collingwood Football Club Brisbane Bears Carlton Football Club Sydney Riot of 1879 Richmond Football Club Alex Ferguson Australian Football League Matthew 5 Dundee United F.C. Football chant Newcastle United F.C. Phoebe Buffay's songs Kick Off David Beckham 2005 International Rules Series The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular St Kilda Football Club Stockport County F.C. York City F.C. Logie Awards of 2005 2002-03 in English football West Ham United F.C. Kansas City Chiefs New York Giants Adelaide Crows Homer vs. Dignity Luton Town F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Fremantle Football Club FA Premier League 2005-06 Patton (film) Merit England national football team Manchester City F.C. Port Adelaide Football Club Football in Sweden Melbourne Football Club Nine Inch Nails Paul Levesque St. Louis Rams Bundesliga (football) The Contender (television series) Crawley Town F.C. Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United National Hockey League All-Star Game Leicester City F.C. Hey Jude Knots Landing Pure Pwnage Playoff Moral objectivism 1986 World Series 2004-05 in Scottish football IFK G__teborg Ren and Stimpy Carniv__le Norway national football team Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Bad Religion Daredevil Salary cap Cleveland Browns The X-Files Dorama George Alec Effinger Electronic Frontier Foundation John the Baptist Bradford City A.F.C. Viterbi algorithm Fulham F.C. FC Rostov Indiana Pacers Paul Ince Matt Hardy Georgia Institute of Technology Good Times Hunter S. Thompson 2004-05 in English football Professional wrestling match types Chelsea F.C. Mark Calaway Yoko Ono Sin City National Football League The Night of the Hunter American football New England Patriots Richard III (play) The Invisibles Hate speech 