Meningiomas involving the clivus: a six-year experience with 41 patients.
 A series of 41 meningiomas involving the clivus operated on from July 1983 to January 1990 is reported.
 The presenting symptoms and signs of these patients were similar to those reported previously.
 All the patients were evaluated by pre- and postoperative thin-section, high-resolution computed tomography using soft tissue and bone algorithms.
 Most of the patients also underwent magnetic resonance imaging.
 The regions of the clivus involved by tumor were divided into upper, middle, or lower regions on the basis of anatomical landmarks.
 The diameter of the tumor was measured in three axes, and a tumor volume and a tumor equivalent diameter were computed to categorize tumors as small, medium, large, or giant types.
 There were 9 medium, 27 large, and 5 giant tumors in this series.
 Some simple and some complex operative approaches were employed to effect tumor removal.
 Large and giant tumors often required more than one operative approach to remove the tumor.
 Intraoperative technical difficulties included tumor consistency, vascularity, dissection from the brain stem, and vascular and cranial nerve encasement.
 Postoperative computed tomographic scans documented total excision in 32 patients (78%).
 Residual tumor remained in the clival or cavernous sinus areas.
 These patients were either being observed, or were treated with gamma knife radiosurgery.
 There was one operative death due to pneumonia (2%), and three patients (7%) suffered permanent major neurological changes, presumably due to vascular occlusions in the posterior circulation.
 In the follow-up period, which ranged from 3 to 76 months, 2 patients (6%) with tumors that had appeared to be totally excised experienced recurrence.
 These patients were treated by a second operation, alone or in combination with radiation therapy.
 Two patients who had subtotal excisions (25%) had evidence of regrowth.
 In 2 patients, tumor growth continued despite gamma knife radiosurgery or external beam radiotherapy.
