catcher in the rye i have an essay to write holden rejects the traditional role of society in his life what is the result of this for him does anybody have any ideas or inputs for things to say in this essay thanks in advance props to my sister who stood up to the unnecessary comments first of all smart ass i sat with my sister all summer while she read this god damn book she has her essay already written and it just looking for a few ways to improve it if you have nothing kind to say dont say anything at all its not even worth your two points to be mean to someone The Catcher in the Rye J. D. Salinger Simone Weil SAT C. S. Lewis Objectivist philosophy Baseball Francis Bacon H. G. Wells David Hume Marshall McLuhan Fight Club Guide for the Perplexed Robertson Davies Gary Snyder Jewish views of religious pluralism Jack Kerouac Meaning Emily Dickinson Arthur C. Clarke George Orwell Spike Milligan Charles Fort The Origin of Species Bernard Williams Existentialism Sinfest Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica Relative clause Frank Herbert Single Transferable Vote Narrator Gottfried Leibniz Predestination Polymorphism (computer science) Anne Rice Knight Rider Max Nordau Laughing Man (Ghost in the Shell) William Butler Yeats Deconstruction Bertrand Russell Lisp programming language Technological singularity Religious Society of Friends Publication of Darwin's theory Reconstructionist Judaism Theodicy Holden Caulfield Kuzari Biblical canon Immanuel Kant John Howard Yoder Chuck Palahniuk Whose Line Is It Anyway? Franz Boas T. S. Eliot Transformation problem Ten Commandments Jean-Paul Marat The Purpose Driven Life Historical materialism Charles Darwin's views on religion Taoism Alan Watts Karl Popper Allan Bloom CPU design Natural deduction Social psychology The nature of God in Western theology John Locke Walter J. Ong Bayes' theorem Left-wing politics Thomas Carlyle Fortran God and gender Discordianism Literature William Carlos Williams Stephen Jay Gould Heinkel He 112 Mary, the mother of Jesus Saul Bellow Ownership History of creationism Douglas Adams Scouting Theodore Kaczynski Ralph Waldo Emerson Liang Qichao Noahide Laws Punk ideology Comparing and contrasting Judaism and Christianity Judaism Philosophy of science A Course In Miracles Andrea Dworkin 