nintendo wii what is your opinion is it absolutely the greatest game system ever or is it rotting in your game room after weeks of use it's the greatest game system ever me and my brother play it everyday Game Boy Advance Game Boy Rare (video game company) Nintendo 64 Handheld game console Animal Crossing Super Nintendo Entertainment System Nintendo Entertainment System Nintendo GameCube Nintendo Bubble Bobble Nintendo DS Computer role-playing game BS Zelda: Kodai no Sekiban E-Reader The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past PlayChoice-10 Console game Koji Kondo Final Fantasy (video game) Nintendo Revolution Final Fantasy II Computer and video games Babe Ruth Game Boy Advance SP Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Nintendogs Intelligent Systems Game show Game Boy Micro Luigi's Mansion Sega Famicom Disk System Sega Master System Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Mario The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Nintendo Virtual Boy Super Smash Bros. Atari History of video games (Seventh generation era) Super Mario remake series Video game developer Video game console Handheld video game Luigi History of video games (16-bit era) Tetris Cartridge (electronics) Metroid series History of video games (Sixth generation era) Nintendo 64DD Jeopardy! PlayStation 2 Super Smash Bros. Melee Nintendo iQue Advance Wars: Dual Strike Square Co., Ltd. Mike Tyson Sega Game Gear History of video games (32-bit / 64-bit era) Super Mario Bros. Star Fox series Metal Gear (video game) Game controller Super Mario 64 Mario Party Advance Video game crash of 1983 Game Genie Final Fantasy The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess Daigasso! Band Brothers Super Mario World Boxing Paperboy (video game) Super Mario 64 DS EarthBound Yoshi Mega Man VI Nintendo Comics System Harrow School Final Fantasy III Nintendo Entertainment System hardware clone Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection World Chess Championship GameShark Home computer Metroid Game Boy Color Harvest Moon series Regional lockout Super Mario Bros. 2 Final Fantasy VI The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Master Quest Cluedo Canon (fiction) Lewis Galoob Toys, Inc. v. Nintendo of America, Inc. Resident Evil 0 Console emulator 