any good wii games i just bought my husband a new wii game console for our anniversary i am going to rent some games for him to try out to figure out which ones are good any suggestions he doesn't like games that are too image crazy or fast just simple and fun he's years old and has liked mario games zelda and some fighting games but is out of the whole video game loop since the early nineties simple and fun i'd say get mario party super paper mario super mario galaxy or super smash bros brawl ssbb is a little faster than all the others Koji Kondo Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario Bros. Nintendo Power Super Mario 64 Nintendo GameCube Super Smash Bros. Super Mario 128 Nintendo Speedrun Super Mario Bros. 3 Luigi Boss (video games) Wario Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Mario series enemies Princess Peach Mario Bros. Toad (Nintendo) Game Boy Goomba Yoshi Lakitu Nintendo 64 Super Mario Bros. 2 Nintendo Revolution Nintendo Entertainment System Shigeru Miyamoto Player's Choice The Legend of Zelda series Paper Mario Mario Kart 64 Super Nintendo Entertainment System Donkey Kong ROM hacking Platform game Bob-omb Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Birdo Super Mario Bros. television series Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Link (Legend of Zelda) The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Super Mario remake series Fire Flower History of video games (16-bit era) Sega Fire Emblem History of computer and video games Classic NES Series Intelligent Systems Koopa Troopa Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Mario Sunshine Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario Strikers Super Mushroom Princess Zelda Nintendo Comics System Video game character Enhanced remake Koopa Kid Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Video game console The Wizard (film) Super Mario Kart Super Mario Bros. (film) Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Animal Crossing Donkey Kong (arcade game) Sonic the Hedgehog Game Boy Advance Super Mario 64 DS Koopa Nintendo DS Ganon Super Mario All-Stars E-Reader Arwing Diddy Kong Famicom Disk System Samus Aran History of video games (Sixth generation era) Mario Kart Princess Daisy Launch game Metroid series Time attack Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Wisdom Tree Waluigi Chomp (Mario) EarthBound Interactive Achievement Awards 