what's a good game for the wii right now i bought my wii two days ago and was wanting to buy and or rent a good game could someone help me please thanks it really depends on what type of game you feel like playing if you are looking for some multiplayer action check out warioware wiisports or big brain academy if you are looking for some wifi multiplayer fun definitely check out super mario strikers charged if a single player game is what you seek try zelda twilight princess or super paper mario all of these games are excellent but renting first is usually a good bet have fun and i hope this helps Link (Legend of Zelda) The Legend of Zelda series Super Mario 64 Princess Zelda Super Mario Bros. Wario Nintendo Animal Crossing Super Mario 128 Nintendo DS Computer and video game genres Mario Poker jargon BS Zelda: Kodai no Sekiban Super Mario remake series Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario World Super Smash Bros. Multiplayer The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Samus Aran Super Mario Kart Nintendo GameCube Final Fantasy: Crystal Chronicles Paper Mario Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Ganon Classic NES Series Super Mario Strikers Computer and video games Luigi Super Mario All-Stars Mario Kart DS Game Boy Goomba Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Mario series enemies The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Toad (Nintendo) Counter-Strike Nintendo Power Daigasso! Band Brothers Super Mario Bros. 2 Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection Nintendo Comics System Betting (poker) Princess Peach Mario Kart Texas hold 'em Sega Mario Party Advance WarioWare, Inc.: Mega Party Game$ Game Boy Advance Yoshi Super Mario Bros. television series The Legend of Zelda series characters Super Nintendo Entertainment System Bowser The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker Microgame Lakitu Monopoly (game) Mario Kart Super Circuit Super Mario Advance 4 Video game character Intelligent Systems Draw poker Mario Kart 64 History of video games (32-bit / 64-bit era) The Wizard (film) Super Mario Bros. (film) 9-Volt & 18-Volt Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Metroid series Mario Party 6 Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Metroid Prime: Hunters Single player Super Mario Land The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time characters MMORPG Mario Party Yohoho! Puzzle Pirates BS Zelda Wart (Nintendo) The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess Console game Shigeru Miyamoto WarioWare: Touched! The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Zelda II: The Adventure of Link Computer role-playing game The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap Super Mushroom 