i'm a runner but ok i run cross countary and my team needs me but i injered my ankel cheerleading and my doc wont let me run until next season and the team was counting on me and to top it all off my whole relay team is mad at me because they cant run track relays either any help on how to get them to understand i didnt do it on purpose first you shouldn't feel bad most the same thing happen to me i hurt my ankle pretty bad on football game but at the same time i was runnin cross country they were being one of the top five runners on team the team needs you to win but i didn t know it would happen just as you its not your fault they should'nt be mad they should be workin harder now that a top runner is out Olympic medalists in athletics (men) Cross country running 1957 World Series Winter Olympic Games Iwan Thomas Tris Speaker Olympic Flame St. Louis Cardinals Homestar Runner Baseball Sprint (race) Athletics Dog agility Teen Girl Squad Fanny Blankers-Koen Baseball statistics Home run Laws of cricket Mike Marsh Olympic Games Volleyball Stolen base Brian Close Theory of conduct Chicago Cubs Norway national football team American football Babe Ruth Sunderland A.F.C. Cricket Torquay United F.C. Coventry City F.C. Boston Red Sox Playoff Notts County F.C. Tom Petty Hip hop rivalries Middle distance track event Tag Bowl Championship Series Primera Divisi__n Argentina Fell running Bryan Robson Los Angeles Dodgers Softball Carl Lewis Lou Gehrig Ben Johnson (athlete) Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics Pittsburgh Steelers Middlesbrough F.C. The Shining (film) Norwich City F.C. ESPN25 Poker jargon University of Kentucky FC Rostov Alex Ferguson Sheffield United F.C. Jim Thorpe Paula Radcliffe Pontypridd RFC Merlene Ottey Reggie Jackson 2004 American League Championship Series Billboard Hot 100 Germany at the 2004 Summer Olympics Bristol Rugby Robin Ventura Canadian Football League 1992 Summer Olympics Orlando Magic Major League Baseball television contracts Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Transactional analysis Atlanta Braves Al Michaels Cheerleading Hendrick Motorsports October 2004 in sports Super Bowl XXVII National Hockey League All-Star Game Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Interference (baseball) Ray Lewis (runner) Cincinnati Bengals Brazil national football team Van Halen Partick Thistle F.C. S.K. Brann July 2004 in sports Manchester United F.C. Buffalo Bills Chelsea F.C. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Paul Ince Paul Hornung Hendon F.C. Canada at the 2004 Summer Olympics New Zealand at the 2004 Summer Olympics 