Gastric injury and invasion of parietal cells by spiral bacteria in rhesus monkeys. Are gastritis and hyperchlorhydria infectious diseases?
 The possibility of using the rhesus monkey as a model for studying gastric function in the presence of infection with spiral bacteria was studied.
 Endoscopic evaluation of the gastric mucosa was performed under general anesthesia in 29 colony-bred rhesus monkeys, and gastric pinch biopsy specimens were obtained from each animal.
 On a separate day, gastric emptying and acid output were determined using a 99mTc dilution technique.
 Biopsy samples were fixed for light microscopy (H&E, Gram, and Warthin-Starry stains) and for transmission electron microscopy.
 The presence of spiral bacteria and gastritis was assessed and rated on coded slides.
 In 8 of 29 monkeys, Helicobacter pylori-like organisms were observed in close proximity to the mucosal epithelial cells or in the lumen of the gastric pits.
 In 14 other monkeys, "Gastrospirillum hominis"-like organisms were observed in the mucus covering the surface of epithelial cells, in the lumina of the gastric glands, and overlying parietal cells.
 Gastritis was present in 8 of 8 animals positive for H.
 pylori-like organisms, in 2 of 14 animals positive for "G.
 hominis"-like organisms, and in none of the uninfected monkeys, and the mean gastritis index was significantly greater in animals positive for H.
 pylori-like organisms.
 Moreover, acid output was significantly higher in monkeys positive for "G.
 hominis"-like organisms than in controls or animals positive for H.
 pylori-like organisms.
 Gastric emptying was not significantly different in the three groups.
 In conclusion, (a) H.
 pylori-like, but not "G.
 hominis"-like, organisms cause gastritis while not modifying acid output; (b) "G.
 hominis"-like, but not H.
 pylori-like organisms, invade and on occasion damage parietal cells while apparently causing hyperchlorhydria; and (c) the rhesus monkey appears to be a good model for the study of gastric infection with spiral bacteria.
