why are men afraid of commitment had been seeing different guys at different times has feelings for me but isn't love and he's been married twice the first wife died and the other one ended in divorce the guy gets back with his ex on and off so why don't men give a woman at least a chance before they decide it's not going to work i think they just dont care sometimes and if they have that one woman from the past they are used to and comfortable with they stick with them and thats what consumes their mind i think they are afraid of leaving their comfort zone Friends Humphrey Bogart Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Damn Yankees Knots Landing Jennifer Lopez Divorce The Shining (film) Sex and the City The Smoking Room Polygamy Episodes of Lost (Season 2) E. E. Cummings Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword One Tree Hill (TV series) Phoebe Buffay's songs EastEnders Scenes from a Memory Pok__mon Live! Chu-Han contention Jon Secada Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Social rule Honey and Clover Kodocha 613 mitzvot Ranma __ characters Phoebe Halliwell Time Out of Mind Married... with Children Mary Wells Vanessa Lynn Williams Wonder Woman (television series) Cary Grant Ex-gay Shaggy dog story The Inside Women in the Victorian era Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? The Fountainhead About a Boy Atomic Kitten Angel One (TNG episode) Laura Schlessinger Milton H. Erickson Julia Caesaris Melanie Wilkes Wonderland (McFly album) Le Malade imaginaire Marriage Grandview, U.S.A. Pitaten Cliff Richard Aaliyah Incarnations of Immortality St. Elmo's Fire (film) Wang Mang The O.C. Futurama (TV series - season 2) The Good Soldier Ephesian Tale Polyamory Sexual revolution Beauty and the Beast (1991 film) Guy of Lusignan Philip J. Fry Cole Porter About Schmidt Too Short a Season (TNG episode) Germaine Greer Elvis and Me Women in Islam The Wall American Dad! Miss Saigon Days of our Lives Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man ABBA Night (book) The Human Stain Mindy McCready Leo Wyatt Memento (film) St. Julian's Charles Darwin's views on religion Strangers on a Train Bob and George Aphrodite Strap-on dildo Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War Yoko Ono Marlon Brando Michael Jackson Mary Jane Watson Aerial (dance move) Rain Man Traumatic incident reduction 