sence no one cares about this why is it all over tv news milwaukee ap former wisconsin gov tommy thompson is dropping out of the race for the republican presidential nomination a campaign official said sunday why cnn why fox news why are you boring me with this i'm with you mrs goffy btw randell's a friend of mine not one word was said on cnn when i decided not to enter the presidential race at all it was a financial decision on my part i only had in my campaign 'war chest' anyways U.S. presidential election, 2004 U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Dick Cheney Wisconsin Karl Rove Libertarian Party (United States) Fox News U.S. presidential election, 2008 Alberto Gonzales U.S. presidential election, 2000 Tommy Thompson U.S. presidential election, 1988 Harriet Miers CNN Atlanta Braves Russ Feingold Condoleezza Rice Downing Street memo Green Party (United States) 2004 Republican National Convention Jim Doyle December 2004 in the United States Howard Dean Plame affair Jerry Brown Michael Badnarik Elections in the United States Democratic Party (United States) Paul Hackett William Rehnquist David Cobb John Edwards U.S. Senate election, 2006 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio U.S. presidential election, 1972 Gerald Ford Wesley Clark Theodore Roosevelt Ted Kennedy The Daily Show Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Paul Wellstone Melvin R. Laird Barack Obama Gray Davis Chilean presidential election, 2005 Hillary Rodham Clinton U.S. presidential election, 1952 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1996 James A. Garfield Madison, Wisconsin Peter Camejo Zell Miller George W. Bush New Hampshire primary Al Gore Terri Schiavo Mitt Romney Rabies James Carville Franklin Pierce Brian Lenihan Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Rupert Murdoch Hunter S. Thompson John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Rosa Parks Lyndon LaRouche U.S. Presidential campaigns George Pataki Harry S. Truman John Glenn George McGovern Massachusetts Politics of the United States Sky News Martin Van Buren Third party (United States) The Rush Limbaugh Show U.S. presidential election, 1912 U.S. Senate election, 2004 Bruce Johnson Ohio Al Gore controversies Strom Thurmond Lyndon B. Johnson Roh Moo-hyun 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Reform Party of the United States of America Ken Blackwell Al Sharpton Robert Novak MoveOn Edmund Muskie Ronald Reagan Douglas MacArthur 