who said only the gentle are ever really strong first answer right gets the points thats it thanks the great james dean james dean James Dean Athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics - Men's Decathlon U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Richard Dean Anderson Lancelot Andrewes James Taylor Roger Dean Democratic peace theory Francis Atterbury John Locke Jimmy Dean Gentle Giant Christ Church, Oxford Dean Smith King James Version of the Bible U.S. presidential election, 2004 Airport (film) King-James-Only Movement Wesley Clark George Monck, 1st Duke of Albemarle Young Earth creationism Negima A Song for Europe Hollyoaks Wuthering Heights StarrCade Rebel Without a Cause Westminster Abbey Athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics - Men's 400 metres Hurdles The Catholic University of America American Bandstand Black (Final Fight) On the Road Extra-sensory perception Thomas Ken The Beach Boys The Great American Bash Arthur Lake, Bishop of Bath and Wells Clash of Champions Fibromyalgia Westminster School Vestments controversy James Whitley Deans Dundas Rio Bravo (1959 film) Order of the Thistle DNA James McNeill Whistler Dean of the U.S. House of Representatives Trinity College, Cambridge Populism Joseph Hall Giant (film) Sixteenth United States Congress Nick Adams National Lampoon's Animal House Joe Lieberman A Course In Miracles John Leech World Fantasy Award for Best Novel SMTV Live Democratic National Committee Democratic Party (United States) St. James's Day Battle Quizbowl The Joker's Wild Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents James Franco Guiding Light Al Gore Dimebag Darrell Dean Simon Dizzy Dean Impossible Princess Dean Macey Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels W. Mark Felt Buildings of Iowa State University Christopher Wren Funeral of Pope John Paul II Dean Martin Richard William Church 2004 Iowa Democratic caucuses John Steinbeck James Berkeley, 3rd Earl of Berkeley Silent Hill William Deane Raquel Welch Morrissey Oz (TV series) Colgate University USS Liberty incident Precognition St. John's College, U. S. 2001 Atlantic hurricane season George F. Kennan University of North Carolina at Charlotte Watergate scandal Dean Rusk Dean O'Banion Anglican views of homosexuality 