what is the best book you've ever read i wanna know what your favorite bokk you've ever read was my three favorites are leauges under the sea by juels verne journey to the center of th earth by juels verne atlantis found by clive cussler so what are yours you can name up to three the stand by stephen king Jules Verne Journey to the Center of the Earth Clive Cussler Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea Dirk Pitt Nautilus (Verne) Steampunk The Body (Short Story) Niels Juel Stephen King Atlantis: The Lost Empire Finding Nemo Kong Kristian Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg Around the World in Eighty Days Back to the Future timeline Mary Celeste Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959 film) Voyages Extraordinaires Doctor Emmett Brown Stargate Atlantis Airport novel National Underwater and Marine Agency Hearts in Atlantis Greek sea gods The Dark Tower (series) Atlantis Captain Nemo Choose Your Own Adventure Stargate The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne Whose Line Is It Anyway? International Date Line Stand by Me Randall Flagg Fictional country Aquaman Science fiction film Rafael Sabatini Rose (Doctor Who) Scanian War H. G. Wells Ultimate Muscle Spear of Destiny The Stand Valhalla, New York Conan the Barbarian Indiana Jones Stargate (device) Jon Secada Timeline of fictional historical events Rifts The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie From the Earth to the Moon Alistair MacLean Mysterious Island Edgar Cayce Odyssey The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Sci Fi Channel (United States) The Lord of the Rings Ancient (Stargate) Sheryl Crow Atlantis (Stargate) CSS H. L. Hunley Samarkand Ironclad warship Neighbours World Fantasy Award for Best Novel On the Road The Isley Brothers Hollow Earth Genesis J. R. R. Tolkien Aubrey-Maturin series Verne Gagne Deus ex machina Carl Gustaf Pilo History of modern literature Clive Barker Sahara (2005 film) Gj__a Vernon Schillinger Rodney McKay Moby-Dick Stephen R. Lawhead Holger Drachmann Mary Sue Submarine I Wanna Dance with Somebody John Sheppard (Stargate) Myst Alan Moore Metrical psalter Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1987 TV series) Raise the Titanic! The D__mons Peter David History of the English Bible 