how come i always have points am i some kinda chosen one or something it's because you have a george bush avatar they're out to get you Avatar (virtual reality) JoJo George H. W. Bush Avatar: The Last Airbender Democratic Underground Avatar GunBound Final Fantasy XI President of the United States Other ships (The Matrix) Vice President of the United States Neil Bush U.S. presidential election, 2000 U.S. presidential election, 2004 Celebrity appearances in Doctor Who Kinda (Doctor Who) Barbara Bush Leo Wyatt George Voinovich Bush family Bush Supreme Court candidates Alberto Gonzales Bush (band) John Danforth George W. Bush military service controversy George W. Bush Ishta-deva Neopets Laura Bush Iowa caucus U.S. presidential election, 1988 2004 Republican National Convention Ultima IV Federal Marriage Amendment Rich Mullins Democratic Party (United States) U.S. Electoral College Summon magic (Final Fantasy) Al Gore Mel Martinez Avatar (Ultima) George Bush Intercontinental Airport George W. Bush administration USS George H. W. Bush (CVN-77) Jeb Bush Military tribunal Person of the Year Guild Wars Acting President of the United States Dixville Notch, New Hampshire U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Nuclear option (filibuster) Nebraska Prescott Bush Myrkul MUD Gaia Online Abortion in the United States Ayyavazhi theology The Culture Barbara and Jenna Bush Politics of Iraq George P. Bush Rock Against Bush Hindu deities Coalition of the willing Patton Oswalt United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change George Tenet Filibuster Culture of Life Jacqueline Carey Social Security (United States) Jonathan Bush Idolatry Social Security debate (United States) Breakfast at Tiffany's Paul O'Neill Christian right English Springer Spaniel George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 That's My Bush! Talking point Billy Bush Google bomb Occupation of Iraq timeline James Baker Andrew Card Michael Steele George Soros Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1992 Bush Doctrine Religion Iraqi National Congress Stop the War Coalition Gautama Buddha President George Bush Turnpike 