will you ever be a member of the red hat society i will never do that what about you i'm not knocking it i have a girl friend that has bought her hat i just wouldnt do it no it used to be a cool thing to belong to the red hats but it's way over commercialized now i have a book titled when i'm an old woman that has the red hat creedo in it along with a lot of other poems and short stories about being an older woman you should check it out Witches (Discworld) Red Hat Society Hat The Cat in the Hat Ice hockey Dr. Seuss Sin City The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Characters in the Smurfs RuneScape economy Marilyn Monroe George Costanza KaBlam! Discworld The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show Jennifer Lopez Bertie Wooster Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends Magical objects in Harry Potter Robert Browning Justice Society of America Hey Arnold! A. A. Milne Red Hat Red Hot Chili Peppers Skinhead Order of the Garter Conan the Barbarian Sherlock Holmes Guy Davenport "Weird Al" Yankovic Billboard Hot 100 Columbine High School massacre True Grit Religious Society of Friends The Mary Tyler Moore Show Stephen King Chuck Berry Justice League The Chemical Brothers Fantastic Four Headgear Salad Fingers Blonde on Blonde Wario Navy (One Piece) G. K. Chesterton Teletubbies Al Jolson Red Hat Linux .hack//INFECTION RPM Package Manager Hyperthermia H. G. Wells Futurama (TV series - season 2) Hatful of Hollow A Clockwork Orange Saki Ginger Rogers Pornography in Japan Book Spidey Super Stories Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends Mario Fedora (hat) Harold MacGrath TLC Augusta, Lady Gregory Paul Bowles German grammar Tibetan people Opus Dei Mr. and Mrs. Turner M.A.U.R.I.C.E. AFI 100 Years series Fear of a Black Hat The Martian Chronicles Ranma __ characters Ed, Edd n Eddy The Lovely Bones Nico Robin Toronto Maple Leafs Xiaolin Showdown British House of Commons NWo Little Red Riding Hood The Secret Life of Walter Mitty Lois Lane Rudyard Kipling Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Social rule Sharon Tate Felis sapiens The Beatles discography Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Visit of King George IV to Scotland Michael Arlen Prostitution Advertising 