what should i get a three year old for her birthday in under dollars she loves dora diego and elmo my daughter just turned and is into those same things i got her a lot but some ideas are videos with those characters books you can't go wrong there i got a dora tough trike for my daughter at walmart for just about what about coloring books or paint with water or watercolor books i also got my daughter a dress up ballerina dress that also came with shoes she loves it Elmo Watercolor painting Sesame Street Elmo's World Garfield Barbie Andy Warhol Bertrand Russell Supporting Characters (Xenogears) Dr. Seuss EastEnders Douglas Adams Series finale Portrait miniature Lazarus Long Sigmund Freud Mario Santa Claus Little Britain Great Teacher Onizuka Calvin and Hobbes George Burns Humphrey Bogart Kyoryuu Sentai ZyuRanger Ranma __ characters Arthur Laffer Sister Princess Pablo Picasso E. E. Cummings Ellen Foster Carl Barks Looney Tunes: Back In Action James Bond Irna Phillips Friends Dora the Explorer Questionable Content Fable (video game) Negima Paint Dumbo Ed, Edd n Eddy Phoebe Buffay's songs Sonic the Hedgehog Avenue Q Clown Petrushka Aqua Teen Hunger Force Dora and Cora Webber 1964 Atlantic hurricane season T.A.T.u. Quentin Tarantino Comanche Dora Maar Wal-Mart Minor Discworld characters Human characters on Sesame Street Nine Inch Nails Team Rocket Diego Rivera Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Acrylic paint Kodocha Hulk (comics) Colorist The Little Mermaid (film) D. H. Lawrence Genshiken Cardcaptor Sakura Paradox Married... with Children Carmelita Spats Alfred Hitchcock Veruca Salt Stock character Characters in the Smurfs Marc Chagall Tomoko Kawase Hurricane Dora Shaggy dog story Irish dance Clint Eastwood Real Love (song) Where's Wally? Paul Is Dead 2005 Pacific hurricane season Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Carl and the Passions - "So Tough" Dizzy series Spidey Super Stories About a Boy Edvard Munch Cinderella Spot the Dog Super Mario 128 Salad Fingers Puni Puni Poemy St. Elmo's Fire (film) Traditional animation Resident Evil 