i working on my credit report and i need a personal loan looking for a personal loan company that will work the issue to answers can any one help hi i am mr kerry kelly i recieved you request about needing a loan so i decided to help you know there are many scams out there trying to rip you off your money i was scammed twice before i got my loan on my third atempt i mailed a loan officer and i never realy thought i would ever get my loan but i got it by faith you can contact them by sky loans yahoo com his a legit loan officer known worldwide he might be willing to help you if you are not a scam because he has been dupped on several cases have a nice day kerry kelly Advance fee fraud Bank fraud Internet fraud Money supply Phishing Fraud David Kelly Mail fraud Credit repair Debt Neighbours Confidence trick Student loan Schabir Shaik Trial John Kerry One Tree Hill (TV series) Charles Ponzi Make money fast Credit card fraud 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression John Kerr April 2005 in Canada Donald Trump Bond Bank Little Britain Credit score Plame affair Mortgage U.S. presidential election, 2004 Moss v. Bush Fair Game (Scientology) Evan Montvel Cohen February 2005 in Canada Money Short selling RuneScape cheats Primerica Financial Services Call centre Mail-order bride Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act United Kingdom corporation tax Citigroup Everton F.C. George W. Bush Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Society of St. Pius X ACORN MapleStory Unemployment benefit Real estate broker Security (finance) Article One of the United States Constitution Savings and Loan crisis Federal National Mortgage Association Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Insurance EastEnders Hutton Inquiry The Apprentice 2 Monetary policy Vivian Solon 401(k) Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act Scientology versus The Internet Brian Lenihan George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Modelling agency Predatory lending Kazaa Credit card Australian constitutional crisis of 1975 United States v. LaRouche Small business U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Twista Osama bin Laden Sinn F__in Plame affair timeline School accreditation Debt consolidation Community emergency response team Kelly Ripa 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Creative accounting Mergers and acquisitions Evan Mecham Downing Street memo School of Salamanca Debt levels and flows John McCain Animal Crossing Tax protester Surveillance Same-sex marriage in the United States Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dubuque Marshall Plan Hurricane Katrina disaster relief 