what are the chances of leeds utd winning this weekends footy match it is tranmere v leeds utd and it is played at tranmere s home ground thank you what do you recon the full time score will be pre match highly likely my prediction tranmere leeds post match well i was right with leeds winning scoring twice but was wrong when i said tranmere would not score poseidon Tranmere Rovers F.C. Sheffield United F.C. John Aldridge Manchester United F.C. Everton F.C. FA Cup Leeds United F.C. Stockport County F.C. Australian rules football Alex Ferguson Steve Coppell 2005 English cricket season Football records in England David Beckham Brian Little (footballer) Notts County F.C. History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) Jack Charlton Norway national football team League Cup Kevin Keegan R.S.C. Anderlecht Denis Law Dundee United F.C. Chelsea F.C. 2002-03 in English football 2004-05 in English football Swindon Town F.C. Rugby league Golf Newcastle United F.C. Graham Dilley 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Eddie Gray Manchester City F.C. James Milner (footballer) Huddersfield Giants Brian Close Test cricket The Ashes FA Premier League 2005-06 History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Sydney Riot of 1879 Torquay United F.C. Laws of cricket Football chant Peter Lorimer 2005 ICC Trophy Sydney Swans Sydney Cricket Ground Gary Neville Ian St. John Garry Kasparov Arsenal F.C. statistics Allan Clarke (footballer) Snooker Melbourne Cricket Ground English cricket team Manchester United 1986-1999 Daniel Amokachi West Ham United F.C. Billy Bremner History of Arsenal F.C. Herbert Chapman Troms__ I.L. Hull FC Jason Robinson Bryan Robson Headingley Stadium Iain Balshaw Football (soccer) Emile Heskey Gordon McQueen Rugby union Leeds Tykes FA Premier League 2004-05 ELO rating system International rules football David O'Leary Hurling University of Texas at Dallas Frank Worthington Anatoly Karpov Swinton Lions Paul Madeley UEFA Champions League 2005-06 West Bromwich Albion F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Fitzroy Football Club Liverpool Wrexham A.F.C. 2001-02 in English football Pakistani cricket team Brisbane Bears Trevor Cherry Poseidon Giovanni van Bronckhorst National Football League Lore Baseball statistics 