i am a recent convert to the beauty of football which epl team is worth rooting for mancity fans save your breath your team is owned by a mass murdering cleptocrat liverpool fans keep quiet too gillett and hicks are notorious corporate welfare cases who delight in land theft aston villa and any other foreign owned team is out for me as well i think carra gold ynwa is correct if you are asking for opinions why slag off a team for no reason anyway let me help you by splitting teams into different areas of interest if you are in for beautiful football root for arsenal there ain't any team better at playing stylish and beautiful passing football in the epl arsenal are also the only team in the epl big without foreign owners at the moment so if you really hate these foreigners so much this is your club if you are in for famous footballers root for man utd in cristiano ronlado and wayne rooney they have two potentially world class players who will be household names in near future if you fancy seeing practical football meaning winning football at all cost even if it means winning ugly and boring play chelsea is the team for you bound for success ith their star players and good manager but do not expect entertaining football just expect to see your team keep winning if you want to feel the true passion of fans or want to be part of the best fans in the world and see your side play the most tactical football though not always exciting and entertaining to watch liverpool is the team you wanna root for forget about the new bosses gillett and hicks for a moment you're in this for football aren't you so don't think too much stand in the kop area at anfield and you'll instantly understand what real passionate fans are then watch and learn from rafa the tactician ynwa that's what liverpool is all about you'll never walk alone if you want to catch some of the most promising english teenagers play football tottenham has majority of the young english talents you might be looking at a future england international in making hmmm i don't think other epl teams will interest you given your high expectations of teams hope i helped Newcastle United F.C. Alex Ferguson Manchester United F.C. England national football team Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Leeds United F.C. Chelsea F.C. FA Premier League Everton F.C. David Beckham Arsenal F.C. FA Cup Liverpool F.C. The Football League 2004-05 in English football West Ham United F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Frank Lampard West Bromwich Albion F.C. Steve McManaman UEFA Champions League Graeme Souness Sheffield United F.C. Queens Park Rangers F.C. Norway national football team Jack Charlton Blackburn Rovers F.C. Teddy Sheringham Michael Owen Football (soccer) Manchester United 1986-1999 Football culture Wayne Rooney Football in the United Kingdom Rangers F.C. London Claudio Ranieri Cristiano Ronaldo Alan Hansen History of Arsenal F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. FA Premier League 2001-02 John Aldridge 2005-06 in English football Major football rivalries Bryan Robson Rugby union 2002-03 in English football FA Premier League 2003-04 Paul Ince FA Premier League 1995-96 Lee Dixon American football Dennis Bergkamp New York Giants John Barnes (footballer) Football records in England David O'Leary Tommy Smith Football chant Herbert Chapman Major League Baseball television contracts Notts County F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Leigh Richmond Roose Luton Town F.C. Alan Shearer Philadelphia Eagles Cleveland Browns English cricket team 2003-04 in English football Coventry City F.C. Japan national rugby union team Robbie Fowler Sydney Riot of 1879 Manchester City F.C. Alan Smith Celtic F.C. Brian Close Watford F.C. Jon Secada R.S.C. Anderlecht Portsmouth F.C. Manchester United 1999-present PFA Young Player of the Year Pittsburgh Steelers Gordon Banks Real Madrid Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. 