is it such a good idea for man utd to be playing friendlies just days before the start of the new season to be fair its ferguson's teams that their are playing against dumfermline he use to play for and the other team his dad use to play for i can understand what ur sayin about pickin up injuries so close to the season but its another match to get match fitness and sharpness back in to our play anderson is gonna be a superstar this season nani celebration is quality united life Alex Ferguson Dundee United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Bryan Robson Kevin Keegan Cincinnati Bengals Manchester United 1986-1999 2005 English cricket season Sheffield United F.C. Everton F.C. Torquay United F.C. Jack Charlton Paul Ince Viv Anderson Shawn Michaels English cricket team Leeds United F.C. Mick Channon Ravi Shastri Troy Glaus Football in the United Kingdom Ken Griffey, Jr. Norway national football team Sydney Riot of 1879 Stockport County F.C. Nigel Winterburn University of Texas at Dallas 1957 World Series New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets Cristiano Ronaldo Chelsea F.C. Rangers F.C. Gabriel Batistuta Ryder Cup Fabien Barthez National Football League Brian Close Denis Law The Ashes Ryan Leaf Orlando Magic Mario Lemieux Blackburn Rovers F.C. Laws of cricket National Hockey League All-Star Game Super Bowl XIV Lawrence Whistler Roy Keane Nikita Koloff Troms__ I.L. Andrew Flintoff Seattle Mariners Lee Sharpe Miami Dolphins Iwan Thomas FA Premier League 2004-05 New York Giants Ruud van Nistelrooy Denver Broncos Toronto Blue Jays Baltimore Ravens James Anderson (cricketer) Bundesliga (football) FA Cup Playoff format Playoff Football Kurt Angle Dallas Cowboys New England Patriots Chicago Cubs Duncan Ferguson IFK G__teborg Carolina Panthers Moe Berg Penalty (ice hockey) The Football League Teddy Sheringham British Home Championship National Basketball Association F.C. United of Manchester Insane Clown Poppy Marco van Basten NBA Finals FC Barcelona Adam Copeland Scott Bigelow Arthur Numan Alan Hansen Jesus Christ Superstar Steve Coppell Greg Valentine Super Bowl XXXIII 