community shield trivia a shield edition saw a goalkeeper scored a goal from his own penalty area which year was that and who were the goalkeepers involved pat jennings of tottenham scored a goal in his own penalty area against alex stepney of man utd Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Manchester United F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Chelsea F.C. FA Cup Penalty shootout (football) 2004-05 in English football David Beckham Penalty kick (football) Gordon Banks England national football team Football (soccer) positions Football (soccer) Goalkeeper Torquay United F.C. Arsenal F.C. Wigan Athletic F.C. Coventry City F.C. Troms__ I.L. Water polo Nobby Stiles Norway national football team Frank Lampard FA Premier League 2005-06 Floorball Aston Villa F.C. Field hockey John Aldridge Primera Divisi__n Argentina History of Arsenal F.C. Bryan Robson Leeds United F.C. England v Hungary (1953) Football (soccer) field 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Steve Heighway Billy Bremner Major League Soccer R.S.C. Anderlecht Football World Cup 1990 Crystal Palace F.C. Italy national football team Graeme Souness Kevin Keegan Manchester United 1945-1969 Major League Soccer 2004 Season George Best Bundesliga (football) Stuart Pearce FA Community Shield Everton F.C. Roller hockey Newcastle United F.C. National Hockey League Chris Waddle Alan Hansen Germany national football team Football World Cup 1978 Manchester United 1986-1999 Indoor soccer Leicester City F.C. American football Leigh Richmond Roose Jos__ Luis Chilavert Kansas City Chiefs FA Premier League 1992-93 1992-93 NHL season Team handball Teddy Sheringham Liverpool F.C. Ray Clemence Norman Hunter Tim Howard Sport Club Corinthians Paulista August 2005 in sports FA Premier League 1995-96 Nwankwo Kanu John Barnes (footballer) Dundee United F.C. Martin Peters Robbie Keane Ice hockey Herbert Chapman Brad Friedel Penalty (ice hockey) Ken Jennings Nigel Winterburn Alan Shearer John Arne Riise Goaltender West Bromwich Albion F.C. Jack Charlton William M. Jennings Trophy Jeopardy! Dennis Bergkamp Jens Lehmann Brazil national football team Boston Bruins 