is torres premiership quality im a die hard lfc supporter and c torres become a legend but i h say it but i hav my doubts of course the pressure is on him and its his first season so this season doesn't count but for nxt season will he preform or be like morientas cisse diouf anelka he's certainly a world class striker but i understand ur doubts the premier league is unique and fantastic in it's style of football the fastest most attacking most physical football and with the greatest players in the world no matter how good a player u r those things mean that not everyone is suited to the style of play in the epl or they need a long while to adjust those u mentioned are prime examples along with shevchenko ballack veron etc only time will tell how well he'll do we wanted him as well but that's how these things are sometimes good luck in the season one die hard fan to another glory glory man utd West Ham United F.C. Leeds United F.C. FA Premier League Newcastle United F.C. Manchester United F.C. Nicolas Anelka Chelsea F.C. Alex Ferguson Kevin Keegan 2004-05 in English football FC Rostov Liverpool F.C. Sheffield United F.C. FIFA 100 Nottingham Forest F.C. FA Premier League 1995-96 Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Dundee United F.C. Essendon Football Club Celtic F.C. Swindon Town F.C. Kenny Dalglish National Football League Blackburn Rovers F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Andriy Shevchenko Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Michael Ballack Aston Villa F.C. Norwich City F.C. Graeme Souness Derby County F.C. Rangers F.C. Ali Daei Troms__ I.L. Norway national football team Arsenal F.C. Tranmere Rovers F.C. Everton F.C. Canterbury Bulldogs Dennis Bergkamp FA Premier League 2004-05 Teddy Sheringham Cork City F.C. Watford F.C. Salary cap West Bromwich Albion F.C. South Australian National Football League Frank Lampard Australian Football League The Football League Football (soccer) Wimbledon F.C. Denis Law Jack Charlton Wigan Athletic F.C. FA Premier League 2002-03 Tore Andr__ Flo Perth Glory Striker FA Premier League 1992-93 Football records in England 2003-04 in English football UEFA Champions League Fitzroy Football Club History of Arsenal F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Lee Sharpe Bryan Robson Sydney Swans Fulham F.C. FA Premier League 1993-94 Michael Owen Rugby league New York Yankees FA Cup Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Football in England Baseball Pittsburgh Steelers Emile Heskey Southampton F.C. FA Premier League 1994-95 Joe Torre Babe Ruth Melbourne Football Club Bundesliga (football) Brisbane Bears Midfielder Notts County F.C. FA Premier League 2005-06 Dave Bassett FA Premier League 2003-04 Cristiano Ronaldo Lech Pozna__ Atlanta Braves Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. American football 