who is your favorite team in the epl my favorite team is manchester united well i like cristiano ronaldo and wayne rooney of course but what is your favorite team hands up with out debate manchester united there the best and i love cristiano ronaldo he's like my most favorite player out of the entire epl they did really good last game so i've been told i was shopping with my bff did you watch the game Cristiano Ronaldo Alex Ferguson Manchester United F.C. Manchester United 1999-present Ronaldo Wayne Rooney FA Premier League Portugal national football team 2004 European Football Championship Park Ji-Sung FIFA World Player of the Year Ruud van Nistelrooy Everton F.C. England national football team Football culture FIFA Series Sports betting Eric Cantona Newcastle United F.C. Football (soccer) Indianapolis Colts Striker Norway national football team FA Premier League 2002-03 Ryan Giggs Steve McManaman 2004-05 in English football FA Premier League 2004-05 PSV Eindhoven Cristiano da Matta Brazil national football team UEFA Champions League Los Angeles Kings 2003-04 in English football Winger (sport) Leeds United F.C. Toronto Maple Leafs Real Madrid Denis Law Super Bowl IX Football in the United Kingdom Bryan Robson Giaan Rooney Claudio Reyna PFA Young Player of the Year NBA Finals FA Cup Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Bobby Charlton Paul Ince Football (soccer) positions Benni McCarthy F.C. United of Manchester Super Bowl XVII Diego Forl__n Robbie Keane European Footballer of the Year Michael Jordan Jacksonville Jaguars St. Louis Blues (hockey) FA Premier League 1995-96 The Football League Manchester Hitomi Alan Smith Football World Cup Gordon Strachan Steve Coppell Blackburn Rovers F.C. Manchester United pre-1945 Pittsburgh Steelers New York Rangers Robbie Fowler New York Islanders Kevin Keegan National Football League Baseball Torquay United F.C. Gabriel Heinze Whose Line Is It Anyway? Wayne Gretzky FA Premier League 2001-02 FA Premier League 1994-95 Ra__l Gonz__lez Married... with Children National Hockey League FA Premier League 1992-93 Michael Owen Kasparov versus The World Diego Maradona Cincinnati Reds Football World Cup 2002 Paul Scholes Carolina Hurricanes 1996 Summer Olympics Florida Marlins Jack Buck 1919 World Series Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Super Bowl XIV 