has rafa benitez thrown in the towel already benitez has declared that spending million may not be enough to achieve the success the fans crave and the team does not have enough depth he states this without the new season even beginning and so must be preparing the faithfull for yet another dismal run has he not heard of a positive attitude or is he just being realistic he's covering his bases mate because he knows the truth they are shite and doesn't benitez look like david brent with that new goatee Claudio Ranieri Dave Concepci__n Carnival of Champions Valencia CF Baseball Aston Villa F.C. Rangers F.C. Boxing Super Bowl XIV Minnesota Vikings Florida Marlins Battle of Rafa Sola fide Atlanta Braves EastEnders San Francisco Giants Derek Jeter New York Mets Celtic F.C. San Francisco 49ers Alex Rodriguez Armando Ben__tez Blackburn Rovers F.C. Ayrton Senna Barry Bonds Boston Red Sox Michael Schumacher Bah__'__ divisions Cleveland Browns Star Trek: Enterprise San Antonio Spurs Salary cap National Football League FA Premier League 2003-04 Janet Jackson Liam Gallagher The Malice at The Palace Bob Backlund Bon Jovi Detroit Tigers Babe Ruth Najwa Karam Oakland Athletics Los Angeles Clippers Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Fencing at the 2004 Summer Olympics Reality New York Knicks The Supremes Chelsea F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Arsenal F.C. Batting average 2005 World Series Wroc__aw New York Jets Baseball Stars The X-Files Unreleased Madonna songs Chicago Bulls Ted Williams Atheism New York Giants Second Battle of the Atlantic The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Primary and Secondary Phases Gary Sheffield Weekend Update (sketch) American football Escape from New York New York Yankees USS Whale (SS-239) Major League Baseball television contracts Wilfred Benitez Libertarian Party (United States) Pok__mon Live! Nottingham Forest F.C. Mixed martial arts Alex Ferguson Stolen base St. Louis Rams Alcoholics Anonymous Poland at the 2004 Summer Olympics Jewish principles of faith USS Seadragon (SS-194) Toronto Blue Jays Ty Cobb Volleyball 2005 English cricket season Super Bowl XXIV Michael Vick Sharon Tate Curt Schilling Wimbledon F.C. 2004 World Series Canadian football Manny Ram__rez Billboard Hot 100 Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Hartford Whalers 