do you read much whose your favorite author i love janet evanovich books i wish she wrote more of them i read therefore i am i have been a reader since i was like or so and have amassed copious amounts of books over the last decades picking a favorite author is extremely tough there are some tried and true ones that i'll read over and over again like jonathan carroll salman rushdie christopher moore ken follett and literally scores of others i enjoy discovering new authors a great deal and probably read two or three books a week i've seen janet's books in the stores but have never read one which one would you recommend as an introduction to her Salman Rushdie New York Giants James Joyce Douglas Adams Janet Jackson Novel Deconstruction Anne Rice Book of Mormon C. S. Lewis Billboard Hot 100 Isaac Asimov Mary Wollstonecraft Christopher Hitchens English literature New York Jets Ebook James Tait Black Memorial Prize The Jackson 5 The Foundation Series Will Self Indian writing in English New England Patriots Psycho Jonathan Carroll The Tale of Genji Ludwig Wittgenstein Qian Zhongshu Oroonoko Have I Got News For You Axel Jensen Ken Follett Alice Liddell Two Treatises of Government Dan Brown Jonathan Wild Gene Wolfe Young adult literature Man Booker Prize The Chronicles of Amber Franz Kafka Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics The Master and Margarita The Catcher in the Rye Modesty Blaise Newbery Honor Marvel Comics New Testament Walter J. Ong Choose Your Own Adventure Our Gang The Satanic Verses (novel) Charles Bukowski Goldstein's book Publication of Darwin's theory Eugene Onegin Babe Ruth Rutgers University Linguistics and the Book of Mormon Floppy disk Le Morte d'Arthur Gramophone record P. G. Wodehouse Children's literature Gospel of John Characters of Smallville J. R. R. Tolkien Psalms Guy Davenport Martha Kent Gertrude Stein Ramakrishna Jonathan Kent St. Louis Rams Salman Khan XML Extreme Programming General Hospital Apostasy in Islam Super Bowl XXXVI Jonathan Miller Jorge Luis Borges Dr. Seuss Charles Dickens Stewart Home Cincinnati Bengals Anglo-Saxon literature Wayne Gretzky Susan Sontag Desire (album) Christopher Marlowe Cascading Style Sheets Arthur Machen A Tale of a Tub Airport novel All My Children Harry Potter 