is there any window in the right side or left side of your bedroom look outside what u can see outside my answer godzilla sleeping in my garden what the oh wait a min i mean left side or right side of you grrrrrrrrrrr i'm blind Dial M for Murder The Marriage of Figaro Rear Window Godzilla vs. Megaguirus Chatsworth House Zilla Sleeping Murder Apollo 8 Monsterland / Monster Island Alien races from the Godzilla films Abbey Sleeping car Passenger car Compton Wynyates Battle of the Bulge Charles Peace Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Operation Market Garden Insomnia Donald Neilson McMansion Window Bedroom Internet Relay Chat Cecilia Zhang Bungalow Kedleston Hall The Subtle Knife Waiting for Godot Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla The Time Machine Superliner (railcar) Tokusatsu Thread (computer science) Megumi Odaka Godzilla: Final Wars Godzilla vs. Mothra The Return of Godzilla Godzilla vs. Destoroyah Godzilla 2000: Millennium Son of Godzilla Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II 3-quinuclidinyl benzilate Chess (musical) Godzilla (1998 film) Godzilla 3D to the MAX Godzilla: Destroy All Monsters Melee Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla Godzilla: Save the Earth Godzilla Raids Again Linkin Park Chappelle's Show Godzilla vs. Hedorah Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah Mothra vs. Godzilla Godzilla: Tokyo SOS Bambi Meets Godzilla Fox Mulder Easton Neston STS-61 Wilton House Buckingham Palace Godzilla (1954 film) Godzilla comics Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack King Kong vs. Godzilla Godzilla vs. Gigan Tag Nashville sit-ins The Amber Spyglass Railroad car Transmission Control Protocol Godzilla vs. the Sea Monster Godzilla Jacob Godzilla vs. Megalon Palladian architecture Min (god) Meteor Man Zone What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film) MTV Movie Awards 1996 Anguirus Minya Godzilla vs Biollante The Young Ones (TV series) Game show Honda Prelude Window blind Kumonga Destroy All Monsters Invasion of Astro-Monster Destoroyah Logo programming language Titanosaurus (Godzilla) Boarding school Gabara Mechagodzilla Ebirah 