name something that is white the white house washington d c White House Stanford White President of the United States Burning of Washington Pennsylvania Avenue Watergate scandal President's Park United States Secret Service Public housing Harriet Miers Denzel Washington State funeral Rob Portman L. Patrick Gray King County, Washington Oval Office Dupont Circle 1968 Washington, DC riots Daniel Chester French Minnesota Twins Washington County, Oklahoma H. R. Haldeman Burien, Washington Valerie Plame Monica Lewinsky Lucretia Garfield Plame affair Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Lyndon B. Johnson State funeral of John F. Kennedy Booker T. Washington Air Force One Ed Gillespie Louisa Adams White House Chief of Staff Harry S. Truman Alice Roosevelt Longworth White House Iraq Group Bess Truman Anna Harrison Theodore Roosevelt W. Mark Felt Klickitat County, Washington Deep Throat (Watergate) Washington Navy Yard Harold Glasser History of Washington, D.C. Jeff Gannon Calvin Coolidge White Mountains Region Helen Thomas Sarah Childress Polk Harold Washington Lewinsky scandal U.S. Marine Band Grace Coolidge Prairie Chapel Ranch Karl Rove Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001 Edward Douglass White Margaret Truman Armstrong Williams Michael Johns News propaganda Plame affair timeline Lauchlin Currie Jane Pierce Bush Supreme Court candidates CIA leak grand jury investigation Ron Ziegler White House Counsel Zero Milestone Compton I. White Jimmy Piersall September 24, 2005 anti-war protest Flag of the United States White nationalism Ronald Kessler Marlin Fitzwater Washington, Tyne and Wear Fala Robert Trout Elizabeth Bentley Washington National Cathedral U.S. White House briefing on terror threats of August 6, 2001 Business Plot Burlington Northern Railroad Bernard Baruch Richard Nixon Library & Birthplace White Center, Washington Mt. Washington, Los Angeles, California McKim, Mead, and White USS White Plains (CVE-66) Bukka White White separatism National League Fredericksburg, Virginia 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue (musical) Legally Blonde 2: Red, White and Blonde Ojibwa 