Maintenance therapy in peptic ulcer disease.
 The maxim "once an ulcer, always an ulcer" is still an appropriate description for the chronic nature of peptic ulcer disease.
 The goals for treating patients with ulcer disease are to relieve symptoms, heal the acute ulcer, reduce the risk of ulcer recurrence and complications, and decrease the economic impact of this chronic disease while maintaining the patient's quality of life.
 Patients with documented peptic ulcer disease should be carefully evaluated and a treatment plan devised that takes into account the possible need for maintenance therapy.
 Risk factors that seem to reflect a high likelihood of ulcer recurrence should be identified early in all ulcer patients and attempts made to minimize or correct them in the future.
 Assuming that a diagnosis of peptic ulcer disease has been firmly established and an adequate period of drug treatment makes complete ulcer healing likely, a reasonable way to proceed is outlined in Figure 4.
 If the patient is young and generally healthy, has an uncomplicated ulcer and few risk factors favoring ulcer relapse, either no treatment or symptomatic selfcare would be reasonable.
 If one chooses the latter course, the patient can be given a prescription for 3 to 6 months of medication and told to take full therapy for any recurrent symptoms, continuing the treatment until symptoms are relieved.
 The failure of such treatment to relieve symptoms after 2 to 3 weeks, the onset of alarming symptoms such as intense pain, vomiting, or melena, or possibly the exhaustion of the 6-month supply of medication with continued mild symptoms should lead to reevaluation.
 Alternatively, such a patient could be managed with no therapy and seen again if ulcer symptoms recur and reevaluated for further diagnosis and treatment.
 Obviously, patients who are candidates for these approaches to postulcer healing management are those with a low risk for ulcer recurrence and who are likely to be compliant with follow-up advice.
 Accordingly, careful patient selection seems most important in prescribing symptomatic self-care or intermittent full-dose maintenance treatment.
 On the other hand, if the patient has had a complicated course of ulcer disease, such as bleeding, or has a significant number of risk factors that would make early ulcer relapse highly likely, it would be prudent to institute continuous maintenance therapy while working to reduce or eliminate the adverse risk factors.
 Any relapse of symptomatic ulcer disease during noncontinuous maintenance therapy should indicate the need for return to a continuous dosing program.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
