what u s presidential candidate s support the rights of homosexuals out of the presidential candidates who would better protect the rights of homosexuals also democrats were asked about their views on homosexuality where can i see what the candidates had to say dennis kucinich says he supports full rights for all citizens gay marriage included im not gay but i like this guy he's fairminded Democratic Party (United States) Gay rights Dennis Kucinich John Edwards U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Ralph Nader U.S. presidential election, 2008 Jesse Jackson Log Cabin Republicans Rick Santorum Same-sex marriage in the United States Family First Party U.S. presidential election, 2004 Same-sex marriage in Canada Mary Robinson Republican Party (United States) Same-sex marriage Federal Marriage Amendment Lawrence v. Texas Election 2004 Democratic National Convention Barry Goldwater U.S. presidential election, 2000 Pat Buchanan Civil union Societal attitudes towards homosexuality Religion and sexual orientation Homophobia North American Man/Boy Love Association U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Homosexuality and Christianity 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Andrew Sullivan Gay rights timeline Democracy Christian left Mitt Romney Don't ask, don't tell Section 28 David Dreier Ken Blackwell American liberalism Homosexuality Conservative Democrat Homosexuality and Judaism Ted Kennedy Separation of church and state Marriage Mary Cheney Hillary Rodham Clinton Howard Dean Sexual orientation Politics of the United States Christian right 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Quaker views of homosexuality President of the United States Orson Scott Card Gay Liberal Democrats (UK) Reparative therapy Ex-gay Outing George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Alan Keyes Peter Tatchell Queer Eye for the Straight Guy Homosexuality and Scientology George Wallace Homosexuality laws of the world Civil rights Age of consent Holy Orders American Conservatism James G. Blaine Romer v. Evans Same-sex marriage in Australia Lesbian Homosexuality and Islam Civil unions in Ireland U.S. Electoral College Robert Mugabe Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Homosexuality in China Irish presidential election, 2004 Michael Badnarik Libertarianism 2004 Iowa Democratic caucuses Elections in the United States Homosexuality and medical science Defense of Marriage Act Family Coalition Party candidates, 2003 Ontario provincial election Jim McGreevey Instant-runoff voting Human sexual behavior Human Rights Campaign Libertarian Party (United States) Norm Coleman United States Department of Peace 