how can we engage more people in the process of understanding that liverpool will kick as this season i will be asking questions to help create dialogue around this and many other important scouser topics so please add me to your answers network so that we can begin exchanging ideas and hopefully make changes in the teams you support that will benefit you in the future as you won't have to cry like little babies when liverpool will be beating the crap out of your former favorite team thank you liverpool sucks up the toon army Liverpool F.C. FA Cup Liverpool Paul Ince Phoebe Buffay's songs Alex Ferguson National Football League Newcastle United F.C. Jack Charlton England national football team Bryan Robson John Aldridge Manchester United F.C. Kenny Dalglish Steve McManaman Kevin Keegan Family Feud Phil Thompson Steve Nicol Blackburn Rovers F.C. Blackjack Who Framed Roger Rabbit Phil Neal Cleveland Indians Steven Gerrard Breastfeeding Super Bowl XXVII FA Premier League 1995-96 May 2005 in sports Steve McMahon Philosophy Family Guy Super Bowl I Tommy Smith John Barnes (footballer) UEFA Champions League Robbie Fowler Software engineering 2004-05 in English football Tiny Toon Adventures West Ham United F.C. New Orleans Saints Graeme Souness Contract R.S.C. Anderlecht Internet Relay Chat Catechism The King's Regiment (Liverpool) Ra (board game) Michael Owen Economics Norman Hunter Super Bowl V Super Bowl XIV Kasparov versus The World Super Bowl XXV Have I Got News For You Extreme Programming New York Jets New York Giants Phoenix Suns Leeds United F.C. Futures Studies Kyle Broflovski May 2005 in Britain and Ireland The Apprentice 2 Knots Landing Peter Shilton Super Bowl XXXI Paul Levesque Rugby union Origin belief Super Bowl XI Troms__ I.L. Super Bowl X Survivor (TV series) April 2005 in sports Internet troll Homestar Runner The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular Hyde United F.C. Theory of conduct Beat generation Essendon Football Club Sydney Riot of 1879 The nature of God in Western theology League Cup Traditional animation Super Bowl VI David Hume West Bromwich Albion F.C. Trade National Hockey League rivalries FA Premier League 2001-02 Aston Villa F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Music of the United Kingdom (1950s and 60s) Futurama Vit__ria FC 