four italians in all time baddest players list hehehe and of course raterazzi is one of them lol what a dumbass http www goal com en articolo aspx contenutoid oh my god when i saw the manchester logo i thought you betrayed chelsea i was about to have a hart attack but then i saw it better and i understood do you want to kill me why do you do these kind of thinks about the italians i m not surprised and i don t like italians Chelsea F.C. Denis Law 2004-05 in English football Gianluca Vialli Nottingham Forest F.C. Everton F.C. FA Cup England national football team History of Arsenal F.C. Rugby union Aston Villa F.C. Leeds United F.C. Atl__tico de Madrid Gianfranco Zola HyperText Transfer Protocol Real Madrid Juan Sebasti__n Ver__n FA Premier League 2004-05 Crystal Palace F.C. Domain Name System 10cc FC Barcelona National Hockey League Munich air disaster Italy national football team Los Angeles Kings The Football League FA Premier League 1993-94 Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Attack on Pearl Harbor UEFA Champions League God Emperor of Dune Alex Ferguson Representational State Transfer Dennis Bergkamp Andriy Shevchenko Toronto Maple Leafs Football records in England Torquay United F.C. FA Premier League 2003-04 Buddy Guy Fredrik Ljungberg FA Premier League 1998-99 Ipswich Town F.C. Italian hip hop FA Premier League 1997-98 New York Americans Bryan Robson The Cure Benni McCarthy Betrayers of Kamigawa RuneScape slang and terminology Troms__ I.L. Kuzari Theology Neo (The Matrix) Manchester United F.C. FA Premier League 1996-97 FA Premier League 2001-02 Football (soccer) Fundamentalism West Ham United F.C. FA Premier League 1994-95 Web server David Hume FA Premier League 1995-96 Blackburn Rovers F.C. Leicester City F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Steven Gerrard Trina Frank Lampard Manchester City F.C. Ray Wilkins Gordie Howe Roberto Baggio Swindon Town F.C. Uniform Resource Locator Arsenal F.C. The nature of God in Western theology Mythology John Cena Brian McClair Novel Warhammer 40,000 John Hollins New York Islanders Manchester United 1945-1969 F.C. United of Manchester Cross site scripting Claudio Ranieri Mount Vesuvius Phil Esposito Alan Smith Betrayal at Krondor Notts County F.C. Gordon Banks Alan Shearer 