man utd fans how do you rate darren flecher i think he's done well for the united team he's played some fantastic games especialy against roma milan one of the best players for united them nights he's plays well but most of use dont notice that he cleans up the midfeil for use carrick said it him self and scored the winner seasons ago to beat chelsea aw come on there must be man utd fans here i'm glad every time i see him on your team sheet that way a truly good player is warming the bench i'd rather face fletcher any day than the likes of scholes carrick or hargreaves note to andy gurrl you say that you appreciate all your boys is that why fergie said that he had to sell richardson because he was getting a hard time from the fans at old trafford Alex Ferguson Manchester United F.C. England national football team Chelsea F.C. Leeds United F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Paul Scholes 2004-05 in English football David Beckham Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 FA Premier League 2005-06 Crystal Palace F.C. Dundee United F.C. Frank Lampard Everton F.C. FA Premier League 1995-96 2005-06 in English football FA Cup Kevin Keegan Liverpool F.C. University of Texas at Dallas Baseball UEFA Champions League Blackburn Rovers F.C. F.C. United of Manchester National Football League Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Football World Cup 1990 Troms__ I.L. New York Knicks Wigan Athletic F.C. 1957 World Series The Football League Football in the United Kingdom Australian cricket team Tris Speaker Billy Bremner 2005 English cricket season West Indian cricket team Detroit Red Wings Paul Ince Cincinnati Bengals Roger Federer Carolina Panthers 2004-05 NHL lockout Lou Gehrig Swindon Town F.C. Jack Charlton Tampa Bay Lightning Stockport County F.C. The Ashes Norway national football team Nottingham Forest F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht History of Arsenal F.C. Michael Owen Los Angeles Clippers Sandy Koufax Ipswich Town F.C. Bryan Robson English cricket team West Bromwich Albion F.C. International League Diego Forl__n Brian Close Stanley Cup Portsmouth F.C. National Basketball Association June 2005 in sports IFK G__teborg FA Premier League 2004-05 Toronto Blue Jays December 2004 in sports New England Patriots Toronto Maple Leafs Jimmy Greaves Torquay United F.C. Notts County F.C. Claudio Ranieri Cork City F.C. World Series Football records in England Norwich City F.C. Test cricket Luton Town F.C. Table tennis Houston Astros September 2004 in sports Texas Rangers (baseball) Family Feud 1731 English cricket season May 2005 in sports Tournament David Cooper (footballer) Mark Hughes NBA Finals 