who was minnie ha ha minnehaha was the legendary wife of hiawatha the dakota name minnehaha means laughing waters here in minneapolis saint paul mn parks streets and a waterfall are named after her her legend may be read at the minnesota museum of history in st paul mn Minnehaha Falls Minneapolis, Minnesota Minnesota Transportation Museum Minneapolis-St. Paul Hiawatha Line Minnehaha County, South Dakota Saint Paul, Minnesota Twin City Rapid Transit Minnesota Saint Anthony Falls Lake Minnetonka The Song of Hiawatha Sioux Falls, South Dakota Grand Rounds Scenic Byway Fargo, North Dakota Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport Metro Transit (Minnesota) Hiawatha (Amtrak) Interstate 94 Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis University of Minnesota Mississippi River Minnesota State Fair Grand Forks, North Dakota Mark Hanson Lakota Marshall Field's U.S. Highway 52 Minnesota River Henry Wadsworth Longfellow St. Peter, Minnesota Paul Wellstone University Avenue (Minneapolis-St. Paul) Star Tribune Bloomington, Minnesota Hennepin County, Minnesota Wilmot Brookings Minnesota Vikings WCCO National Historic Landmark University of Minnesota system Nicollet Mall Chicago and North Western Railway Waterfall Interstate 35 Northfield, Minnesota Twin cities Minot, North Dakota Mall of America Minnesota Commercial Railway Music of Minnesota Northstar Corridor Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome KQRS Hubert H. Humphrey Minnesota Farmer-Labor Party Grand Excursion St. Paul Pioneer Press St. Croix River (Wisconsin-Minnesota) Burnsville, Minnesota Central Corridor Joseph Nicollet Floyd B. Olson Ted Radcliffe Lake Harriet Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dubuque Rochester, Minnesota Xcel Energy Paul Bunyan St. Paul Saints Redwood Falls, Minnesota Duluth, Minnesota Austin, Minnesota Minnesota Twins Waterfall Gully, South Australia University of St. Thomas (Minnesota) Northern League (baseball) Cathedral of Saint Paul in Saint Paul Washington Avenue Bridge (Minneapolis) Bismarck, North Dakota Metra Edina, Minnesota Burlington Northern Railroad J. Paul Getty KCMP Newark City Subway Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party Fridley, Minnesota The Replacements MN Airlines, LLC Legend Dakota, Minnesota and Eastern Railroad Blaine, Minnesota Samuel Coleridge-Taylor Winona, Minnesota Minneapolis Public Library Jesse Ventura Paul of Tarsus World's busiest airports by passenger traffic 