why is john f kennedy's head down in his picture http www homeofheroes com presidents inaugural pres kennedy jpg his head is down in that picture and u can not see his face is there a certian reason it is like that that's an artist's drawing of him taken from an actual picture of him in the oval office contemplating a major decision i believe during the cuban missile crisis John F. Kennedy Cuban Missile Crisis President of the United States Robert F. Kennedy John F. Kennedy assassination History of the United States National Security Council 1961-1963 Dwight D. Eisenhower White House Essence of Decision Fidel Castro History of the United States National Security Council 1963-1969 Robert McNamara Reagan Administration The Cuban Project United States embargo against Cuba 1960s State funeral of John F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson Kennedy assassination theories Cold War U.S. presidential election, 2008 U.S. presidential election, 1960 Theodore Sorenson President of Ireland USS Independence (CV-62) Salsa music Adlai Stevenson Bay of Pigs Invasion William Rehnquist McGeorge Bundy Zell Miller Kennedy family Governor-General of Australia History of Cuba Nuclear Football George W. Bush Berlin Wall Richard Nixon Bill Clinton Lyndon LaRouche William David Ormsby-Gore, 5th Baron Harlech Cuban Revolution Bratislava 2004 Republican National Convention Che Guevara Richard Neustadt Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Ronald Reagan Ted Kennedy United States presidential line of succession HyperText Transfer Protocol George H. W. Bush Cuba Vice President of the United States Iran hostage crisis Anthony Kennedy Cemal G__rsel Transpersonal psychology Chen Shui-bian Curtis LeMay The West Wing (television) American University U.S. Senate election, 2006 History of nuclear weapons John Diefenbaker Nuclear arms race Watergate scandal Nuclear warfare Mutual assured destruction USS John W. Weeks (DD-701) Warez History of the United States (1945-1964) Viktor Yushchenko Charles Haughey Se__n Lemass Democratic Party (United States) Head of state Jupiter IRBM Economy of Colombia Fianna F__il Douglas MacArthur Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr. Politics of the Philippines Irish diaspora Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo Philip D. Zelikow Thomas S. Gates Jr. Space Race Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Herbert Henry Asquith President of Finland Charles Erwin Wilson National Communications System Sinn F__in State funeral 