why do people thank it was all black folk did it all in the end was it a whit man that freed the slaves wasnt it a white man that changed things after martin died it could have all died with him but if iam not wrong wasnt it a kennedy to finesh what he started come on now they make it sound like no white people did any thing when the slaves ran they whent north who helped them then white folks people of all colors came together to end slavery and then later to push through legislation in fact what really pos the stars bars crowd and the only reason why the civil legislation was passed was because of a white southerner named lyndon johnson a lot of foul things could be said about lyndon but he was genuine in disliking prejudice his attack was sincere and a lot of blacks do respect lyndon johnson for his efforts along with presidents lincoln both roosevelts and harry s truman who ordered the military to intergrate in the midst of election alienating four souther states that voted instead for strom thurmond a quick note lyndon johnson was 'friends' with fbi director j edgar hoover they loved swapping dirty jokes lurid tales hoover supplied johnson with all the dirt on each and every congressman and senator which is how johnson was able to pursuade them to pass the civil rights act of pax President of the United States Democratic Party (United States) J. Edgar Hoover American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Dixiecrat Vice President of the United States Robert F. Kennedy Martin Luther King, Jr. Barry Goldwater Republican Party (United States) Strom Thurmond Dean Acheson NAACP Harry S. Truman African American history United States presidential line of succession Congress of the United States Abraham Lincoln Hubert H. Humphrey Kennedy assassination theories U.S. presidential election, 1948 United States Senate Equal Protection Clause Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Civil Rights Act of 1957 Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee Charles Sumner Presidential system Filibuster John F. Kennedy Solid South American liberalism Franklin D. Roosevelt Andrew Johnson Politics of the Southern United States History of the United States (1945-1964) Southern strategy Richard Nixon U.S. presidential election, 1964 History of the United States Senate United States House of Representatives Desegregation Third party (United States) New Deal Timeline of the American Civil Rights Movement Robert Byrd Reconstruction Ralph Yarborough History of South Carolina Southern United States COINTELPRO Herbert Hoover Vietnam War John F. Kennedy assassination Affirmative action Dred Scott v. Sandford Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party Edith Nourse Rogers Uncle Tom's Cabin History of the United States (1964-1980) W. Mark Felt American Civil War Lynching in the United States Warren Commission Realigning election South Carolina William J. Green Person of the Year Civil Rights Act of 1964 Territory of Hawaii Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Trent Lott George Wallace Seventy-third United States Congress John Birch Society Japanese American internment Sid McMath Economic history of the United States United States Customs Service Racial segregation Nadir of American race relations Presidential library Bretton Woods system Social rule State funeral of John F. Kennedy Hillary Rodham Clinton Air Force One John Major Freedom of Information Act (United States) Racism Hoover Dam 