who was the youngest president of the u s a theodore roosevelt john f kennedy bill clinton ulysses s grant grover cleveland franklin pierce james garfield james k polk millard fillmore chester a arthur note roosevelt was sworn in after the assassination of william mckinley in making kennedy the youngest president actually voted to the office at ronald reagan was the oldest president to take office Vice President of the United States Acting President of the United States Democratic Party (United States) Republican Party (United States) James A. Garfield Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents Theodore Roosevelt Chester A. Arthur Congress of the United States Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution Seventy-fifth United States Congress Assassins (musical) Whig Party (United States) Eighty-second United States Congress Bill Clinton Phi Beta Kappa Society Franklin D. Roosevelt Unsuccessful nominations to the Supreme Court of the United States Millard Fillmore Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Columbia Law School White House Seventy-third United States Congress Eighty-sixth United States Congress Seventy-eighth United States Congress U.S. Congressional Delegations from Delaware William Howard Taft James K. Polk John F. Kennedy assassination John F. Kennedy Territory of Hawaii Ticket balance Fifty-seventh United States Congress Seventy-ninth United States Congress American liberalism Twenty-third United States Congress Ronald Reagan William McKinley Warren G. Harding Presidential Succession Act Forty-third United States Congress Franklin Pierce David Rice Atchison Scots-Irish American Economic history of the United States Zachary Taylor Twenty-fifth United States Congress U.S. presidential election Forty-fourth United States Congress History of United States imperialism James Rudolph Garfield Buffalo, New York Mexican-American War U.S. House Committee on Ways and Means Ninety-fifth United States Congress James Buchanan Jefferson Davis Air Force One The Greatest American Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography Sixty-first United States Congress Dwight D. Eisenhower Political scandals of the United States Supreme Court of the United States New Hampshire primary Ninety-sixth United States Congress Gerald Ford Monroe Doctrine Jimmy Carter United States Secret Service Speaker of the United States House of Representatives U.S. presidential election, 1992 Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Person of the Year Twenty-seventh United States Congress Fiftieth United States Congress George H. W. Bush U.S. presidential election, 1884 Casting vote Tariff Republic of Hawaii Inauguration Day Lyndon B. Johnson United States Customs Service George B. Cortelyou Ulysses S. Grant Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. Lloyd Bentsen Hillary Rodham Clinton U.S. presidential election, 1852 U.S. presidential election, 1936 William Rehnquist Green-Wood Cemetery U.S. presidential election, 1968 U.S. presidential election, 1892 Ross School of Business 