girls help me i have to ask a question to ask you girls when you girls started pruberty did you tel your mom or dad i wouldn't tell your dad its more awkward than telling your mom but deffinately tell your mom otherwise she will find out i didn't tell her and she found out by the signs on my clothing so its just best to tell her if you have other siblings girls of course do something funny like hey mom there are now insert number here women in the house or like aren't you happy now you get to waste more money on pads just do something like that its easire but yes you should deffinately tell her its nice to have a girl to talk to k Shaggy dog story Grandview, U.S.A. Recurring South Park characters Doug Mr. and Mrs. Turner My Name Is Earl Joke Ron and Fez Married... with Children Kurt Cobain Kyle Broflovski The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Friends The Adventures of Pete & Pete Stewie Griffin The dozens Opie and Anthony Fat Man and Little Boy (Simpsons) Rent (musical) Seinfeld Dexter's Laboratory I Am Furious Yellow Hey Arnold! Humphrey Bogart Cindy Sheehan Late Night with Conan O'Brien The Young Ones (TV series) Garfield Kodocha The Angry Beavers The Inside S.H.E Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) Moms Mabley My Life as a Teenage Robot Avenue Q Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Rocko's Modern Life Social rule Calvin and Hobbes Fred Phelps Hey Jude Bart Sells His Soul KaBlam! Timmy Turner Pitaten Intelligence quotient Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Futurama (TV series - season 5) Kim Possible: So the Drama Pok__mon Live! The Golden Girls Karl Rove Terri Schiavo Russian joke Palindrome The Marshall Mathers LP Fiddler on the Roof Angelina Jolie Phoebe Buffay's songs Babe Carey The Fairly OddParents Futurama (TV series - season 2) About a Boy Teamo Supremo Good Morning, Vietnam Ren and Stimpy Treehouse of Horror III Rocket Power Professor Hubert Farnsworth W.I.T.C.H. Homer Simpson Weekend at Burnsie's Cliff Richard Satchel Paige Soccer mom Peter Griffin Hey Dad...! Salad Fingers Theory of conduct Pip (South Park episode) Punisher Once and Again Jennifer Lopez South Park Lifetime Movie Network Freak Strike Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) American Dad! Magical DoReMi Treehouse of Horror IV Wait Till Your Father Gets Home Dead Like Me Hustler Magazine v. Falwell ABBA Amy Studt Scenes from a Memory Sister, Sister (TV series) Vicky (The Fairly OddParents) 