i need to get my book or my stories published any suggestions i've recently completed my manuscript of pages in the genre of contemporary fantasy i've already sought literary agent after agent and they won't accept me because i've never been published before adn this is my foirst book i've been rejected adn it hurts but i live with it now all i wanna do is get somone to read the stories i have to offer and critique them so i can learn how to be a more experinced writer and author anybody got suggestions on how i can get anybody like a magazine or anybody to at least read my short stories i keep trying i don't wanna give up but i need somone to shine there light down on me there's a writer's group called critters critters org that critique sci fi fantasy and horror stories and novels you do critiques of other people's works to get points and you put your works up for critique in return it's a good group and you should get some good feedback as well as seeing what other aspiring authors in your genre are doing fp Science fiction Literature Novel Short story Genre fiction Fantasy Canadian literature Horror fiction Arthur Machen Extreme Programming C. S. Lewis Frank Herbert Ambrose Bierce Japanese literature Chuck Palahniuk Manga Terry Pratchett The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) African American literature Gene Wolfe Ernest Hemingway Thomas Ligotti Thomas M. Disch Romance novel Comic book Publishing Ramsey Campbell Book Michael Moorcock Science fiction magazine Anne Rice Arabic literature Joseph Conrad Neil Gaiman The Bell Curve Orson Scott Card History of fantasy The Origin of Species Gary Gygax Jacques Derrida Plame affair Pen name The Foundation Series Immanuel Kant American comic book Deconstruction H.P. Lovecraft H. G. Wells Lawrence Watt-Evans Shakespearean authorship Mercedes Lackey Children's literature Literary criticism Charles Fort Kim Stanley Robinson Fan fiction James Bond Fighting Fantasy Game Books Lin Carter Modesty Blaise Romance (genre) Fantasy subgenres Jon Secada Creation according to Genesis Isaac Asimov Charles Dickens British literature Bible Frank Belknap Long Canon (fiction) The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Theatre History of science fiction Postmodernity Robert A. Heinlein J. Michael Straczynski Stephen King Michael J. Bernard Grant Morrison Clive Barker Erotic literature Ye Shengtao Tolkien fandom Sword and sorcery C. J. Cherryh Spy fiction Edgar Allan Poe Atlas Comics (1950s) Marion Zimmer Bradley Cthulhu mythos arcane literature Jules Verne A Tale of a Tub Science fantasy Emily Dickinson Eddie Campbell Book of Revelation Yukio Mishima Interactive fiction 