is it necessary do you feel that it is hard for the baby musicians in youth orchestras to play the big and heavy horns such as bassoon flugelhorn french horn tuba wagner horn euphonium mellophones if you agree there is a big demand for the small instruments for kids pls vote of the brass you listed only a tuba would be obnoxious to play for a little kid but you can buy a holder for it so that's not that much of a problem bassoon would be difficult because it requires great hand dexterity and the fingering holes are rather spread out as compared to clarinet flute etc but then usually a bassoon is not seen in small kid bands Clarinet Orchestra Brass instrument Transposing instrument Brass band Trombone Bassoon Concert band Euphonium Tuba Marching band Louis Andriessen Trumpet Serpent (instrument) Musical ensemble Embouchure Saxophone Harmonic series (music) Alto horn Authentic performance Flute Mute (music) Bass clarinet Heitor Villa-Lobos Wagner tuba Mellophone Sketches of Spain Disco Drum and bugle corps (modern) Big band Woodwind instrument Musical works of Mozart Piano trio Music of immigrant communities in the United States Music history of the United States to the Civil War Quintet Double bass The Rite of Spring Adolphe Sax Parsifal Baritone saxophone Musical instrument classification Roy Wood The Firebird Musician Contrabassoon Igor Stravinsky Bolero (Ravel) Western concert flute Symphony No. 8 (Mahler) Symphony No. 1 (Havergal Brian) Flugelhorn C.G. Conn Richard Strauss Symphony No. 10 (Mahler) Symphony No. 3 (Mahler) Recorder The Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra Music history of the United States during the colonial era Uilleann pipes Mouthpiece Octet Clef Jazz Charles Wuorinen Julius Fu____k (composer) Oboe Sonata (music) Playing range Key (music) Anton Bruckner Miles Davis Reed (music) Vibrato Dixieland The Yellow Shark Symphony No. 7 (Mahler) The Last Waltz (album) The Waterboys Peter and the Wolf Symphony No. 9 (Mahler) Brandenburg concertos Violin John Coltrane Harp Tom Waits Benny Goodman Carl Nielsen Symphony No. 2 (Mahler) Timeline of trends in music to 1799 Symphony No. 5 (Mahler) Symphony No. 1 (Mahler) Giacinto Scelsi Music of Norway James Morrison (musician) Native American music Pet Sounds Music of Brittany 