how do i get song of passing when its just night i looked everywhere for the guy that teaches it to me but i havent found him and hes not next to the grave am i screwed or what i looked everywhere for the guy that teaches it to me but i havent found him and hes not next to the grave am i screwed or what and ive been playing it for hours looking for him its permanently nightime continue on with the storyline and come back later you can't get the song of passing yet Mario Video game character Super Mario 128 Bowser Nintendo 64 Lakitu Computer and video games Platform game Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Nintendo Entertainment System Nintendo Power Mario series enemies Super Mario Bros. Computer and video game genres Luigi Super Mario World Koji Kondo Computer role-playing game The Legend of Zelda series Super Mario remake series Donkey Kong Super Mario Bros. 2 Boss (video games) Super Robot Wars Koopa Kid Nintendo Nintendo GameCube Video game music Super Mario Bros. 3 Shigeru Miyamoto Goomba Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario Advance 4 Player's Choice Nintendo DS Mario Kart Super Mario Bros. television series Super Mario Sunshine Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Yoshi Wario Princess Peach Toad (Nintendo) History of video games (Sixth generation era) Sega Namco Sonic the Hedgehog Game Boy Super Mario All-Stars Video game console Nintendo Entertainment System Star Wars computer and video games Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Rare (video game company) Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Intelligent Systems Super Smash Bros. Super Mario 64 Kirby Double Dragon The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past Koopa Troopa Mario Kart Super Circuit Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Pok__mon (video games) History of video games (32-bit / 64-bit era) Shadow the Hedgehog (video game) Game Boy Advance Metroid series Diddy Kong Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Birdo History of video games (16-bit era) Mario Kart DS Enhanced remake Yu-Gi-Oh! Pok__mon Waluigi Classic NES Series PlayStation 2 Paper Mario Nintendo Revolution Nintendo Vs. Series E-Reader Super Mario 64 DS Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire Super Mario Bros. (film) The Wizard (film) Star Fox Final Fantasy Cult computer and video games Mario Bros. Super Mario Kart Doki Doki Panic Game designer Animal Crossing 