pokemon cressilia mesprit i have mesprit on red hp and cressialia and i'm huntin them and i cant catch them wut can of good pokeball can i use or stratgy can i use to catch them i already used my masterball on palkia need help ohh that is not good but i can help ok first get a pokemon that has a move like spider web or mean look make sure that it is fast like fast enough to go firstin the battle first thing you do on one of those pokemon use spider web or mean look the make sure that same pokemon has the move false swipe after that just use lots of ultra balls or dusk balls if it is dark outside you can buy the tm false swipe at the veilstone department store warning cressilia has good defense ans sp defense so be careful hope i helped ps please vote me as best answer i want to move up a level thanks Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Mario Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario 128 Lakitu Princess Peach Bowser Paper Mario Super Mario Bros. Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Smash Bros. Melee Luigi Nintendo GameCube Mario Kart Mushroom Kingdom Wario Goomba Intelligent Systems Super Mario Strikers Nintendo Power Super Mario 64 DS Boss (video games) Super Mario remake series Nintendo Revolution Super Mario Sunshine Piranha Plant Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario 64 Shy Guy Toadette Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Yoshi Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Game Boy Koopa Troopa Super Smash Bros. Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Wart (Nintendo) Super Mario Advance 4 Diddy Kong Super Mario Kart Koji Kondo Mario series enemies Super Mario Bros. television series Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Mario's Picross E-Reader Nintendo DS Super Nintendo Entertainment System Fire Flower Mario Winans Mario vs. Donkey Kong Mario Golf Bob-omb Super Mario All-Stars Waluigi Super Mario World The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Donkey Kong Mario Pinball Land Launch game Nintendo Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Super Mario Land Video game character Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Donkey Kong (Game Boy game) Mario Kart 64 Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Nintendo 64 Player's Choice Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Daigasso! Band Brothers Classic NES Series Chomp (Mario) Computer and video game genres Nintendo Comics System Monty Mole Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Mario Bros. Pok__mon Metroid series Crash Bandicoot Codename: Kids Next Door Tetris Attack Nintendo 64DD Rare (video game company) Deportivo Saprissa Mouser Game Boy Player Mario Party series Princess Zelda Donkey Kong 64 Animal Crossing Inspector Gadget Nintendo Entertainment System Analog stick ROM hacking 