pokemon diamond trade would someone trade me their gible any lv for one of mine choice from geodude lv wooper lv bronzong lv bibarel lv pichu lv golbat lv snover lv floatzel lv chingling lv any help is greatly appreciated thanks you care what level gible is on i have a level one i just caught and i could go get another one pretty easily or you could catch your own under cycling road Duelist Kingdom Yu-Gi-Oh! Yugi Mutou Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Ryo Bakura Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters Sugoroku Mutou Seto Kaiba Rafael (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Shadow Game Jaden Yuki Virtual Realm Maximillion Pegasus Shizuka Kawai Katsuya Jonouchi Hiroto Honda Mai Kujaku Blue-Eyes White Dragon Orichalcos Egyptian God Cards Anzu Mazaki Ryuji Otogi Fushigi Yugi Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Waking the Dragons Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Miho Nosaka Yu-Gi-Oh! R Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series anime) The Duelist Dartz Ishizu Ishtar Marik Ishtar Duelists' Convocation International Mokuba Kaiba Duel Disk Millennium Items Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom Duel Masters Chazz Princeton Dan Green Duel Bastion Misawa Noah Kaiba Magic: The Gathering Valon Magical play Love triangle Fushigi Yugi Genbu Kaiden Phil Foglio Mike Mignola Muv-Luv Obelisk the Tormentor Holmgang Eskrima The Winged Dragon of Ra Obi-Wan Kenobi Isaac Brock General Grievous Revolutionary Girl Utena Geneon Seiy__ Alexis Rhodes Nemesis (Magic: The Gathering) Zane Truesdale Chuang Yi Nobuyuki Hiyama European dueling sword Tenchi Muyo! Mona Marshall Wendee Lee Megumi Ogata OZ-13MS Gundam Epyon Yuji Nagata Cyrano de Bergerac (play) James Jackson (politician) Anime Jin Uzuki Qui-Gon Jinn Ravnica: City of Guilds David Williams (card player) Set (mythology) Taris Dragon Ball Yu Watase Alrek and Eir__k John Law (economist) Fanon (fiction) Xu Huang Korean mythology InQuest Gamer Ha Ji-won Cowboy action shooting Carroll O'Connor Pro Tour (Magic: The Gathering) Hasimir Fenring 