can you help me create a character image i want to create my own star wars character but cannt find a free site that will let me do this the ones that do are way too cheesy and don't have what i am looking for i was wondering if there are any good sites where i can go and create a character please don't say hero machine or yahoo avatars been there it doen't have to actually be a star wars site just a site where i can create a detailed charcater it must be free and not require a download sorry the only site i know is hero machine Super Smash Bros. Super Smash Bros. Melee Mario Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario World Luigi Koji Kondo Bowser Goomba Super Mario Bros. Super Mario 64 DS Waluigi Yoshi Princess Peach Super Mario All-Stars Nintendo Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario 128 Nintendo Revolution Nintendo 64 Nintendo Power Lakitu Fox McCloud Super Mario Bros. 3 Donkey Kong Junior Koopa Troopa Super Mario 64 Nintendo GameCube Super Mario Sunshine Birdo Mario series enemies Super Mario Bros. television series Wario EarthBound Donkey Kong Paper Mario Super Mario Strikers Intelligent Systems Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Nintendo Entertainment System Koopa Kid Super Mario remake series Shigeru Miyamoto Mario Bros. Princess Daisy Bob-omb Tetris Attack Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Falco Lombardi Player's Choice Fire Flower Nintendo Comics System Animal Crossing Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Diddy Kong Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Game & Watch Pok__mon Ness Hammer Brothers Samus Aran Rare (video game company) Nintendo Entertainment System Koopa Captain Olimar Jump Superstars Link (Legend of Zelda) Nintendo DS Mario Kart Computer and video games Boss (video games) Game Boy Platform game Video game music Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Kirby Fire Emblem Kremling Krew Tatanga Mario Kart Super Circuit Princess Zelda Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Super Mushroom Super Mario Advance 4 Master Hand History of video games (Sixth generation era) E-Reader Super Mario Kart Super Mario Bros. (film) History of video games (16-bit era) Bullet Bill Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Mario Kart DS Video game character Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Pichu Doki Doki Panic Wart (Nintendo) Daigasso! Band Brothers Nintendo 64DD 