why am i lagging when i am playing games i get booted time and again and rating getting poor your connection type is too slow if it's a k you've got then you should avoid all online games or get a new connection or something could be interfering with the connection i e too many things running firewall or router issues Atomic Kitten Super Saiyan Final Fantasy X English football league system Softball R.S.C. Anderlecht Bubble Bobble Contract bridge SM-liiga Professional golf tours Squash (sport) Bloodstain pattern analysis Sheffield United F.C. FC Rostov The Football League Chemical shift Dog agility Leiden Rugby union positions Ghosts 'n Goblins Kendo Lo Wu Lemmings 2: The Tribes FA Cup Jari Litmanen Gaelic football Volleyball Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Hashish Gary Stevens Karate Above mean sea level Dog show Go (board game) Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Star Alliance PlayStation 3 0 (number) Super Mario Bros. Table tennis Bundesliga (football) History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Sheffield Wednesday F.C. RuneScape skills Tranmere Rovers F.C. Ballroom dance Everton F.C. North Point (MTR) Manchester City F.C. Level (computer and video games) Oneworld (airlines) Football in England Rugby league Reach for the Top Ecco the Dolphin F.K. Bod__/Glimt Hot Dance Music/Club Play Peter Shilton Minor league baseball Obedience training Final Fantasy magic Teddy Sheringham Shadow the Hedgehog (video game) Topographic prominence Curling Grade (education) Long Path Tide National Rugby League Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Standard American Cork City F.C. Slide Mountain (New York) Leigh RMI F.C. Playoff Sheepshead ELO rating system Sunderland A.F.C. Loial Chess opening Flight plan Formal methods Peering History of Arsenal F.C. Computer chess Heineken Cup Go ranks and ratings Badminton Peak bagging Somerset Wolverhampton National Certificate of Educational Achievement Scrabble League Cup Torres Ragnarok Online PFC Litex Lovech FC Zwolle 8th (The King's) Regiment of Foot RuneScape dungeons 