what the best way to play quake or unrea l i'm lookin for the best way to play these games with is it the keyboard and mouse or is there a better way joystick joypad my fingers are killing me with the keys and mouse combo any information on this would help products or style of play furthermore i'm after a good card before you start its down to the x xtx ot gs both agp but my friend told me that my w power supply no good is this true and if so what should i use a poratable genny lol like i said any help would be grateful as my butt keeps getting kicked in both games i prefer keyboard and mouse Mario Kart DS Mario Kart 64 Mario Superstar Baseball Mario Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario Kart Wario Mario series enemies Luigi Bowser Mario Kart Super Circuit Koopa Kid Mario Party Super Mario World Mario Party 2 Super Mario Strikers Super Mario Bros. 2 Mario Party 7 Mario Party series Mushroom Kingdom Birdo Mario Golf Super Mario Bros. television series Game & Watch Gallery Paper Mario Koopa Troopa Goomba Super Mario 64 Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Lakitu Waluigi Princess Daisy Kamek Super Mario remake series Mario Party 6 Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Smash Bros. Melee Mario Party 3 Yoshi Nintendo DS Yoshi Touch & Go King Boo Mario Party Advance Super Mario All-Stars Hammer Brothers Nintendo Power Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Wart (Nintendo) Yoshi's Safari Boss (video games) Nintendo Comics System Video game character Bob-omb Toadette Professor E. Gadd Nintendo GameCube Shigeru Miyamoto Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Tetris Attack Mario Is Missing! Captain Syrup Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Nintendo Diddy Kong Dr. Mario 64 Super Smash Bros. Wario's Woods Super Mario Bros. (film) Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Donkey Kong Cackletta Koopa Game Boy Advance Mario Power Tennis Pauline Yoshi's Story Petey Piranha Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Chomp (Mario) Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario Bros. Doki Doki Panic Wrecking Crew Player's Choice Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Koji Kondo Super Mushroom Super Mario Advance 4 Game Boy Crash Team Racing Daigasso! Band Brothers Mario Bros. Intelligent Systems 