the answer to stoping game addiction well i myself am a gamer and also have been addicted though i haev the answer to stoping the game addiction if u watch youtube vids read ive survived playin around half year playin a game at a time and i have found the secrets to the mmorpg basice guide and how to do quit it well st rule dont starts obvious like my bro says these games r pointless lvling and nd rule dont try to take little breaks hoping that u will forget it cognitive rd the only way u can quit these games is for u to get bored of it well im gonna tell u how to do this ok if u work take a week of leave and play ur game hard out caution this is very unsafe though wid care u can do it u will soon get bored though keep playin until u know the game is just grindin this wont work wid every so yea and if ur tellin some to do this ask em do u talk about the game do u think bout da game etc ps im a yo gamer so i know i'll tell you even i was once addicted what you have to do is get your mind of it pick up a sports activity and see which one you like i started playing basketball it helped me quite video games Leeds United F.C. Windows 2000 Windows XP Oakland Athletics Denis Law Super Mario Bros. Football (soccer) Hollywood Squares Baseball $ale of the Century Newcastle United F.C. Dundee United F.C. Wayne Rooney FIFA Series Crystal Palace F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Baseball Stars Babe Ruth FIFA Major League Soccer Object Desktop Star Wars: Galaxies Pete Rose Minor league baseball MDAC Animal Crossing Copy protection Diego Maradona Tic-Tac-Dough Architecture of Windows 2000 Paintball Nottingham Forest F.C. Common Unix Printing System Citigroup Super Nintendo Entertainment System ITV Aston Villa F.C. Major League Baseball Alex Ferguson Volleyball EA Sports MMORPG Xbox 360 Internet Relay Chat Los Angeles Kings Outsourcing Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Negro league baseball ITU-T Reggie Jackson Tris Speaker Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 1946 Portsmouth F.C. Cheating in Counter-Strike Ross Perot Xbox Live You Don't Know Jack New York Knicks Sammy Sosa Thread (computer science) American Football League Microsoft Topps Btrieve The Joker's Wild Dream Job (Season 2) Airsoft Wheel of Fortune Press Your Luck Gameplay of StarCraft Final Fantasy VI Steam (content delivery) Satchel Paige Professional wrestling slang Real Madrid National Football League Sliders Ty Cobb New York Jets Torquay United F.C. Wayne Gretzky MapleStory Chicago White Sox Floppy disk Tottenham Hotspur F.C. 2004-05 in English football Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Plame affair Chrono Trigger Football World Cup Detroit Tigers Jets'n'Guns Mutual fund Trivia Trap PLATO Internet fraud Blackjack 