pokemon diamond need help big how do u geta friend code i duon't get that i dunno even now where to go well to actually get a pal pack you have to go to the downstairs of a poke center you talk to the lady on the far right and she will give you one then you use it and it will have three thing just go to register a friend code and if you want to give someone your friend code just go to your name here 's code it's that simple p s my name is david and my friend code is Super Mario Bros. 3 Mario Super Mario 64 Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario Bros. Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Mario Bros. Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Wario Platform game Super Mario 64 DS Mario series enemies Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Super Mario All-Stars Super Mario World Super Mario remake series Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Bowser Paper Mario Mario Kart Super Circuit Computer role-playing game Super Mario Sunshine Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Advance 4 Nintendo Power Crash Bandicoot Mario Kart 64 Metroid Prime: Hunters Super Mario Kart Luigi Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Endgame Koopa Troopa Lakitu Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Goomba Mario Party 6 Mario Party Mario Party series The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Mario Party 3 Super Mario Land Yoshi Touch & Go E-Reader Speedrun Super Smash Bros. Super Mario Bros. television series Boss (video games) Power-up The Wizard (film) Minus world Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Mario Kart DS Street Fighter Wario World Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Fire Flower Donkey Kong 64 Banjo-Kazooie Mario Party 2 Princess Peach Rainbow Islands Bullet Bill Sonic the Hedgehog Monty Mole Halo: Combat Evolved Yoshi Super Mushroom Tetris Attack Sly Cooper and the Thievius Raccoonus Mario Lemieux Link (Legend of Zelda) Star Wars: Battlefront Mario Party Advance BS Zelda: Kodai no Sekiban Billiards Computer and video game genres Professor E. Gadd Phantasy Star Online Warp pipe Game Boy Halo 2 Mario Party 4 Koji Kondo Kirby Super Star Mario's Picross Crash Team Racing Doki Doki Panic Yoshi's Story Super Mario Strikers Hammer Brothers First-person shooter Kid Chameleon (game) RuneScape Mario Kart Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Castlevania IV Kirby 