help with the kingdom hearts game for ps here it is i want to know how the heck you get into the arena at the collisium i go to phil and he says move that block ok uhhh it's too heavy and i can do it with a yellow trinity but i can't get that until i win hercules i am confused help thanks ok phantom it is the first time for me thanks you said the next world which is the deep jungle right if this is the first time you've been to the colliseum then you can't enter the arena yet go on to the next world and at one point chip and dale will say that there is a competition going on somewhere then go back to the colliseum and you can enter a tournament Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario Bros. 2 Princess Peach Super Smash Bros. Super Smash Bros. Melee Goomba Mario Mario series enemies Super Mushroom Super Mario Bros. 3 Birdo Wario Super Mario Strikers Fox McCloud Super Mario Sunshine Diddy Kong Super Mario Bros. television series Super Mario Bros. (film) Star Fox Doki Doki Panic Super Mario Advance 4 Koji Kondo Kirby Mushroom Kingdom Mew (Pok__mon) Yoshi Super Mario 128 Luigi Koopa Troopa Pok__ Ball Hammer Brothers Lakitu Nintendo Comics System Captain Falcon Andross Ness Super Mario World Super Mario Bros. Rocko's Modern Life Super Mario Kart Bob-omb Bowser Waluigi Fire Flower Master Hand Secret character Koopa Great Fox Mr. Game & Watch Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Electrode (Pok__mon) Nintendo Clefairy Battletoads Pikachu Animal Crossing Pichu Nintendo Power Hyrule Castle Super Mario 64 Super Mario All-Stars Super Mario 64 DS Wart (Nintendo) Wobbuffet EarthBound Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Mario Kart Falco Lombardi Wario's Woods Samus Aran Mario Kart 64 Pok__mon Snorlax Fire Emblem Ridley Video game music Boss (video games) Mario Bros. Jigglypuff Link (Legend of Zelda) Classic NES Series Super Mario remake series Tetris Attack DePatie-Freleng Enterprises Princess Zelda Game & Watch F-Zero Donkey Kong Captain Olimar Unown Intelligent Systems Nintendo GameCube Nobuyuki Hiyama Articuno Player's Choice Ho-Oh Princess Daisy Bullet Bill Togepi 