how do u trade wif ppl title says all i need to no wat to do on pokemon diamond yeah well they're doing it the queer way all you have to do is go to jubilife city and go all the way to the right from the pokemon center and you will be at the gts global trade station in there you have to set up where you live and everything then you can trade whatever pokemon you want but you have to be reasonable i've done this so many times i've all three staring pokemon now hope this helped d Mario Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario Bros. Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Bros. 3 Platform game Donkey Kong Koopa Troopa Super Mario 64 Nintendo GameCube Super Mario World Super Mario Advance 4 Goomba Mario series enemies Mario Kart DS Computer and video games Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Luigi Game Boy Nintendo DS Super Mario Bros. (film) Hammer Brothers Super Mario Kart Nintendo Computer and video game genres Koopa Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario 64 DS Nintendo 64 Super Mario All-Stars Paper Mario Princess Peach Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Super Mario remake series Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Koji Kondo Super Mario 128 Super Mushroom Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Nintendo Entertainment System Fire Flower Wario The Legend of Zelda series Homestar Runner Bob-omb Nintendo Entertainment System Lakitu Minus world Super Smash Bros. Super Mario Land Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Nintendo Revolution E-Reader Nintendo Power Crash Bandicoot Bowser Mario Kart Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario Bros. television series Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Video game music Link (Legend of Zelda) Donkey Kong (arcade game) Bullet Bill Piranha Plant Shigeru Miyamoto Mario Kart 64 Wart (Nintendo) Yoshi Thwomp Flash Flash Revolution Game & Watch Gallery Super Mario Sunshine Koopa Kid Mushroom Kingdom The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Birdo Doki Doki Panic Warp pipe Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Tetris Attack The Wizard (film) Yoshi Touch & Go Boss (video games) Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Dance Dance Revolution Game Boy Player Mouse (computing) Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Game Boy Advance Game & Watch Trilogy Wario's Woods Dance Dance Revolution ULTRAMIX Mario Lemieux Dr. Mario 64 Pump It Up Princess Daisy 