what's so great about animal crossings for nintendo ds i love it you can visit other towns complete the museum make your own clothes shot stuff down from the sky decorate your house flea markets make a profit and buy things your house gets rated get a fashion certificate from grace do fishing try and catch the scopian sorry im a bad speller write letters grow fruits make other people as you pay of the mortage the shop gets bigger and then you get a salon grow millions of flowers nick stuff from the lost and found when you met up with friends you nick their fruits get other animals to respect you my house has rooms im aiming for lol their is a countdown with fireworks so cool do challenges like get rare bugs and fishing contests its really fun and so worth it if you wanna get it go for it Game Boy Nintendo Game Boy Advance Super Mario Bros. 3 Mario Super Mario Bros. Pok__mon (video games) Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Pok__mon Super Mario Kart Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Crash Bandicoot E-Reader Super Mario Bros. 2 Lakitu Bubble Bobble Little Britain Super Mario remake series Friends Animal Crossing EastEnders Super Mario 128 The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Samus Aran Nintendo Power Game Boy Color Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Incarnations of Immortality Shigeru Miyamoto Baroque chess FoxTrot Wario Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Yu-Gi-Oh! Platform game Mario Bros. Donkey Kong Prank flash Goomba Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Kodocha One Tree Hill (TV series) Sonic the Hedgehog Captain N: The Game Master Diddy Kong Pok__mon Emerald Super Mario Advance 4 Jumpstart 3rd Grade Fire Emblem Computer and video games Mario series enemies The Legend of Zelda series Child sexuality Paper Mario Conan the Barbarian Luigi Celebi Link (Legend of Zelda) Hammer Brothers Pok__mon XD: Gale of Darkness Minor characters in Sonic the Hedgehog EarthBound Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Missingno. Negima Pok__mon FireRed and LeafGreen Nintendo GameCube Jeopardy! ROM hacking The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Speedrun Pok__mon (anime) Video game controversy The Legend of Zelda series enemies Tetris Attack Tenchi Muyo! The Wizard (film) Koopa Troopa Lunar Legend Boss (video games) Pitaten Pok__mon Trading Card Game Volleyball Harvest Moon series Toad (Nintendo) Miss Saigon Nintendo 64 I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Bro'Town Handheld game console Hikaru no Go Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Calvin and Hobbes Princess Peach Super Mario 64 Nintendo Revolution Super Mario Bros. television series MegaMan Battle Network Side Characters (Xenosaga) 