sims help pc i'm trying to install the game and i am stuck on i put in the nd disk and it freezes as soon as i do whats happening and how can i fix this if you know what you're doing with a computer try this if you're not sure ask for help a couple of times when i've been installing packs changing disks sometimes makes the game think it's trying to play the game and makes the installation go a bit screwy what you need to do is see if this is happening and if it is you can cancel the load without cancelling the install press ctrl alt and delete together once only this should open up a window called windows task manager look on the list for an entry that starts sims and highlight this by clicking once then click on the end process button and choose yes when you're asked to this should cancel the run without cancelling the install do not try cancelling anything else unless you know what you're doing if this doesn't work make sure you're using original discs as most copies get corrupted when they try to crack the encryption on the original discs Italy at the 2004 Summer Olympics Goomba Super Mario Bros. (film) Super Mario Bros. television series Super Mario Bros. 3 Mario Ennio Morricone Luigi's Mansion Bowser Luigi Mario Bros. Princess Peach Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time Waluigi Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Mario Bros. Koopa Kid Mario Kart DS Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario World Tosca Super Mario All-Stars Lakitu Italian language Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Caravaggio Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Nadia Comaneci Super Mario Bros. 2 Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Nadia Santos Toad (Nintendo) Mario Party Advance Mario Andretti Red Brigades Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Nintendo Comics System Luigi Villoresi Princess Daisy Super Mario remake series Mario Party Mani pulite Mario Kart Mario Is Missing! Mario Superstar Baseball Luigi Pirandello Mario series enemies European Parliament election, 2004 (Italy) Super Smash Bros. Melee Water polo at the 2004 Summer Olympics Friends The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time characters Luigi Cherubini Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water Super Mario 64 Mario Bava King Boo Mushroom Kingdom Professor E. Gadd Trilogy Mario Party series Gainax Yoshi Touch & Go William Weaver Kamek Wario Baconin Borzacchini Paper Mario Birdo Luigi Fagioli Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Mario Kart 64 Turin Great Giana Sisters Mario Party 4 Prada Super Mario Kart Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Fencing at the 2004 Summer Olympics Mario Golf Mario Party 7 Mario Kart Super Circuit Irina Derevko Super Mario Sunshine Enrico Berlinguer Super Mushroom Mario Power Tennis Line of succession to the British Throne Giovanni Gronchi Bob-omb Doki Doki Panic Scuderia Ferrari Forl__ Chiquititas Romeo and Juliet American Pie (film) Fire Flower Super Mario Advance 4 