should i get loveseats or a sofa and a chair i can get a good price on loveseats help i feel it will be about the same amout of room its me my husband our son and my father inlaw lives with us now we have a sofa and a chair but i feel two loveseats will give my son enough room to snuggle up on next to us but my husband is ' and his dad is ' what do you think i know its a dumb question but i need someone elses help thanks in advance i bought two love seats once thinking i would like it better than the traditional couch loveseat combo then i was stuck with them for ten years i hated it personally i need a good recliner and i don't like to fight over it so two is best with a couch because somebody always like to flop on the couch and loveseats don't cut it Chair Couch Upholstery Married... with Children Furniture The Catcher in the Rye Insane Clown Poppy Homer Simpson The Smoking Room Phoebe Buffay's songs Knots Landing Treehouse of Horror IX Homer to the Max Jennifer Lopez The Shining (film) Kurt Cobain Russian joke Lisa the Vegetarian Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious About a Boy Futurama (TV series - season 5) Marilyn Monroe Damn Yankees Shaggy dog story Guiding Light Transactional analysis The Canine Mutiny Grandview, U.S.A. Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency Scientology beliefs and practices E-I-E-I-(Annoyed Grunt) Hey Arnold! Fraudcast News American Dad! The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace One Tree Hill (TV series) Canadian English John Couch Adams Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories The Marriage of Figaro Movie theater The Simpsons Poker jargon Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Current teachings of Prem Rawat I Am Furious Yellow Alignment (role-playing games) KaBlam! Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Night (book) Battle of Chancellorsville Obi-Wan Kenobi Little Britain Oblomov The Emancipation of Mimi Dawson's Creek Peter Griffin Simpsons couch gag Le Malade imaginaire Tammy Wynette Taxi Driver Steven Wright Warren Buffett Kodocha Goodness and value theory Bart Sells His Soul Georgia Institute of Technology Kyle Broflovski Michel Henry Gender-neutral language Good Times Theodicy Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner? The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy The Ashlee Simpson Show Justification (theology) Max Payne The Joy of Sect The Subtle Knife Madonna (entertainer) David Fincher The Marshall Mathers LP Papa's Got a Brand New Badge John Howard Yoder God Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man Game show Milton H. Erickson D.N. Angel The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Mr. and Mrs. Turner Wonderland (McFly album) Theory of conduct Cole Porter Delta Goodrem Trinity I Want to Hold Your Hand Blonde on Blonde Liam Gallagher 