how much alowance is to much i get a alowance a week and i dont have many friends because of it but i think that its a good amount should i ask my dad to cut it down so that i have more friends how much is a good amount wow my parents are loaded and i only got allowance as a kid i'm now i make a week from working hours a day days a week from my summer job and you're making for what how does having an allowance relate to not having friends just don't tell people how much money you get from your pa pa and don't showcase the stuff you buy with your money you might as well ask more more allowance since you can't have a negative number of friends unless we're talking about enemies Homer vs. Dignity Eric Bischoff The Catcher in the Rye MMORPG Billboard Hot 100 Social rule Wealth Electrophysiology The Adventures of Pete & Pete Wheel of Fortune Craps Unemployment benefit Shit Kurt Cobain Unemployment Hyperinflation James T. Aubrey, Jr. The Amazing Race Solutions provider Labour economics The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Rich Mullins The Ashlee Simpson Show Opie and Anthony Shaggy dog story Kyle Broflovski Viva La Bam Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Friends Hey Jude Timmy Turner About a Boy Kelly Clarkson Trailer Park Boys Television in the United States Hey Arnold! Limp Bizkit Queen (band) Springfield Elementary School The Emancipation of Mimi Weezer Grandview, U.S.A. Green Day Mutual fund Dad's Army Warren Buffett Cruising (maritime) George Burns Fat Man and Little Boy (Simpsons) Mad Money Day care Magnolia (film) Singlish Deflation (economics) Billy the Kid 2004 Republican National Convention Hilary Duff Hearing impairment Jeopardy! Ron and Fez Mr. and Mrs. Turner I Don't Wanna Cry Sweatshop ITV Hiberno-English P.O.O.L. Game show Big Brother (USA TV series) Homer Simpson Centrelink Humphrey Bogart $ale of the Century Married... with Children Poker jargon Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Herbie: Fully Loaded Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption Final Fantasy XI Special Air Service Theory of conduct Health insurance Badly Drawn Kitties Minor characters in Morrowind Codename: Kids Next Door Thomas M. Disch Pok__mon (anime) The Fairly OddParents Leeds United F.C. Graduate school Lottery Baseball Dead Like Me Situation comedy MTV2 Ocean's Twelve Hot 100 Airplay Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner? Empire Burlesque WNNX (FM) 