does the time line on a chapter bankruptcy begin at the filing date or the discharge date my bankruptcy took almost two years to complete and i was trying to figure out the time on my credit report and other questions like refiling it starts based on the discharge date this is usually around days after your first meeting of creditors the day you went to court and answered basic questions the date you file is the when the creditors are informed and can't contact you anymore unless of course the discharge is denied and then they can start contacting you again but this doesn't apply to you Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 Chapter 11, Title 11, United States Code Bankruptcy Chapter 7, Title 11, United States Code Chapter 13, Title 11, United States Code Article One of the United States Constitution Bankruptcy in the United States Credit repair Plame affair Appeal Insolvency Bond Enron Corporation Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Timeline of the Enron scandal MCI Credit score Domain Name System 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Downing Street memo United Airlines Medical prescription George W. Bush military service controversy Continental Airlines Acting President of the United States John Poulson SCO-Linux controversies Schabir Shaik Trial Moss v. Bush Schapelle Corby Asbestos Probation officer Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Estoppel EMule Corporation Life insurance Sabra and Shatila massacre Tom DeLay U.S. generally accepted accounting principles Bush v. Gore Social Security (United States) United Kingdom corporation tax Joseph Smith, Jr. Alexander Hamilton Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal Alger Hiss Lionel Corporation Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act Book of Daniel 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Patent application Taxation in the United States Kent Hovind Extreme Programming Investigations since the Fiji coup of 2000 Incorporation (business) Cyprus dispute ISO 8601 Supreme Court of the United States 50 First Dates Whose Line Is It Anyway? ROC presidential election, 2004 Airline 3dfx United States district court W. Mark Felt Jeff Gannon MG Rover Group 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Secretar__a de Inteligencia Fractional-reserve banking Spirit of Ontario I CPU cache Military discharge Martha Stewart Lionel, LLC Henry Dunant Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Interest Classified information Background check MUMPS United States v. LaRouche Power of appointment Glossary of partner dance terms Census Corporate personhood Edward VIII of the United Kingdom OpenDocument Federal Rules of Civil Procedure Natural deduction 2005 United States Grand Prix Terri Schiavo Kaypro Greyhound Lines Traumatic incident reduction 