ello loves once more this is a typical question well i have a boyfriend who's just great we live near each other and he's so nice and cute but my problem comes in here i liked this guy from school so much he lives walking distance i think anyways he really liked me too he just never got around to asking me out we're going into our first year of high school this year should i wait till school starts to tell him what happened or tell him now it sounds like you are still kinda into this guy if it comes up just say you have a boyfriend if he gets upset tell him that you are sorry but this other guy asked you and he didn't Humphrey Bogart The Ashlee Simpson Show Can't Hardly Wait Kodocha Avenue Q Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Shaggy dog story Silent Night, Deadly Night Teen Girl Squad One Tree Hill (TV series) Okashina Okashi Bon Jovi Time Out of Mind Friends Blood on the Tracks Pok__mon Live! Social rule Reservoir Dogs Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Pitaten Recurring South Park characters Situation comedy Megan Griffin Boston Public The Lovely Bones Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In Knots Landing The Shining (film) Little Britain Futurama (TV series - season 2) Extras (sitcom) Daria Phoebe Halliwell All in the Family Theory of conduct St. Elmo's Fire (film) Ocean's Twelve Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu The Wotch Milton H. Erickson W.I.T.C.H. Bonus Stage Rose (Doctor Who) DNA__ 1969: The Velvet Underground Live Guy Chambers Bleed Like Me Radiohead Totally Spies! About a Boy Questionable Content Pip (South Park episode) Azumanga Daioh GED The McGuire Sisters The New Guy Moe Szyslak Hey Arnold! Casey and Andy The Pet Sounds Sessions Whose Line Is It Anyway? Father's Day (Doctor Who) The Used Steven Wright Mina Mongoose Smallville (Season 4) Midori's Days Amy Dumas 11:14 Not The Nine O'Clock News Journey (band) Peel Slowly and See Live MCMXCIII Extreme Championship Wrestling The Marshall Mathers LP Boy band The Inside American Dad! Grandview, U.S.A. Jealous Guy The Smoking Room Buddy Guy McMug Kyle Broflovski Beatles for Sale Jumpstart 3rd Grade Saved by the Bell Thread (computer science) Ron and Fez The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Girly References to Star Trek GunBound Hall & Oates Cool (song) Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Transactional analysis Meaning Highway 61 Revisited 