dad trouble please help best answer will get points my dad is always wanting to know what i am doing like when i'm online he'll try to read my e mail and stuff he won't let me go anywhere or have anybody over he grounds me for no reason he also yells at me non stop too what makes it even more confusing is that i haven't done anything wrong to lose his trust i'm and my dad is i live with both of my parents my mom doesn't do anything to stop it she just agrees with my dad he probably sees all the am i pregnant questions here id keep you in also after reading all these Kyle Broflovski Calvin and Hobbes Theory of conduct Teachers (film) Russian joke Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) Fathers' rights Mr. and Mrs. Turner Kurt Cobain Trouble (comic) The Adventures of Pete & Pete Grandview, U.S.A. Cindy Sheehan Futurama (TV series - season 5) Intelligence quotient Rocko's Modern Life Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Philosophical skepticism Friends Joke Cartman Joins NAMBLA Hey Jude Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Abortion debate Rent (musical) Married... with Children The Fairly OddParents Tag American Dad! Infant baptism The Jeffersons (South Park) 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Charmed Raisins (South Park episode) Recurring South Park characters Bro'Town Teamo Supremo Fat Man and Little Boy (Simpsons) Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Hillary Rodham Clinton Treehouse of Horror IV The Apprentice 2 Chinglish SAT Shaggy dog story Pet skunk Series finale Wait Till Your Father Gets Home Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Social rule Dexter's Laboratory Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Little Britain Theodicy Ben Johnson (athlete) George Costanza The Tracey Ullman Show shorts KaBlam! Muhammad al-Durrah Seinfeld Non-native pronunciations of English Presuppositional apologetics The Human Stain Tallulah Bankhead The Joker's Wild Father's Day (Doctor Who) Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Jean Grey The Marshall Mathers LP Interstate 60 Kim Possible: So the Drama Trivia Trap Phoebe Buffay's songs Nelson Muntz Jewish humour Silent Night, Deadly Night Doug The Life and Times of Juniper Lee The Death Gate Cycle Chickenpox (South Park) Avenue Q Kevin and Kell Magical objects in Harry Potter Garfield God Emperor of Dune One Tree Hill (TV series) Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina Family Guy Monty Hall problem Minor characters from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Saved by the Bell FLCL Homer Simpson Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner? The Arsenal of Freedom (TNG episode) The Star Wars Holiday Special You Don't Know Jack 