what does john was the little man who wasn't there mean is it an idiomatic expression thank you this appears in the oxford dictionary of quotations th ed as having been written by hughes mearns as reads yesterday upon the stair i met a man who wasn't there he wasn't there again today oh how i wish he'd go away lines written for the psycho ed an amateur play in philadelphia set to music in as 'the little man who wasn't there' American and British English differences Idiom Identity (film) Oxford English Dictionary Kanji kentei English verbs American Psycho AFI 100 Years series John Wesley Indian English Countdown (game show) Shape note William Butler Yeats I Want to Hold Your Hand Paul Is Dead Hilaire Belloc John Lennon Dictionary FA Cup John Cage Book of Mormon Classical music era Japanese poetry G. K. Chesterton Beat generation H.P. Lovecraft David Lynch Billy the Kid Dorothy L. Sayers Benjamin Franklin Baroque music W. H. Auden Samuel Johnson Blog Frederick Douglass Waka Japanese grammar Linguistics John Forsythe William Shakespeare J. R. R. Tolkien Yesterday (song) William Saroyan Jan Smuts Citizen Kane U.S. Highway 1 Python programming language Translation Lewis Carroll Peter Banks Yoko Ono New College, Oxford The Man Who Wasn't There Boyz II Men Paul Morphy John Coltrane John Locke Negro league baseball The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Matt Stairs Do As Infinity Truth Lord High Commissioner Gary Snyder Villains in Power Rangers: In Space Jack Kerouac The Subtle Knife Hey Jude Theodor Adorno Joe Orton Howard Staunton Creation according to Genesis Shaggy dog story Macbeth Benjamin Britten John Wayne Academy Award for Directing Singlish Chamber music The Boat Race Vietnamese language Chinese grammar Philosophy William Smith (geologist) John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir Grandview, U.S.A. Theobald Wolfe Tone Lisp programming language Historicity of Jesus English Madrigal School Percy Bysshe Shelley Scrooge McDuck The Beatles discography Characters from Arrested Development Steven Wright Langston Hughes C. S. Lewis Chinese language Thomas Jefferson The Pet Sounds Sessions 