who are your picks for watkins glen pick for these winner dark horse s top road ringer top rookie top driver currently in chase rd my picks winner robby gordon dark horses patrick carpentier jamie mcmurray top road ringer boris said top rookie paul menard top chaser tony stewart rd marc goosens winner robby gordon dark horse montoya top road ringer ron fellows top rookie paul menard top chaser tony stewart rd marc goossens NASCAR Rookie of the Year Indianapolis 500 Tony Stewart Hendrick Motorsports Chip Ganassi Racing Dead Ringers (comedy) Roush Racing Robby Gordon Indy Racing League Richard Childress Racing Champ Car Dale Earnhardt, Inc. American Championship Car Racing Jamie McMurray Penske Racing September 2005 in sports NASCAR 2005: Chase for the Cup Los Angeles Dodgers Harvey Award August 2005 in sports Kevin Harvick New York Rangers Liverpool F.C. Stage name May 2005 in sports Channel One News Manchester City F.C. Chicago Bulls Ontario general election, 1990 Survivor Series Ontario general election, 1995 NASCAR Leeds United F.C. Steve McManaman 10th Genie Awards Jeff Gordon Watkins Glen International Eisner Award July 2005 in sports Celebrity appearances in Doctor Who United States Automobile Club Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. AVN Awards June 2004 in sports Indianapolis Motor Speedway Ninety-seventh United States Congress North American Debating Championship Jackie Stewart V8 Supercar New England Patriots Sunday Times Rich List 2004 Toronto Blue Jays Manitoba general election, 1999 2003 United States Grand Prix November 3 in baseball Chelsea F.C. Rusty Wallace Robbie Fowler Friday Night with Jonathan Ross R.S.C. Anderlecht West Ham United F.C. Guitarist The Sporting News Rookie of the Year Award Qu__bec Nordiques Scott Dixon Florida Marlins Academy Award for Best Art Direction 7th Genie Awards Chris Amon Brit Awards Ontario general election, 1985 Super Bowl XXIII Sportswriting Ninety-ninth United States Congress Ontario general election, 1977 Cincinnati Bengals Danica Patrick Ninety-eighth United States Congress Nestl__ Smarties Book Prize Blue Heelers World Fantasy Award for Best Novel JJ Yeley Rod Stewart Jordan Grand Prix Supergroup (bands) 3rd Genie Awards Matt Kenseth Evernham Motorsports Spitting Image Juan Pablo Montoya Gil de Ferran Coventry City F.C. Batman: The Animated Series Kimi R__ikk__nen Mark Martin (NASCAR) Aston Villa F.C. A1 Team New Zealand Jimmie Johnson Chicago Blackhawks 