presidential coins hi today on the sports la times on the back there was a ad saying you pay dollars and shipping to recieve all presidential coins my question is how much is shipping and is it only dollars for all it sounds like a scam to me each coin is one dollar and they only release four presidents a year Real (currency) Advance fee fraud New Zealand dollar Hong Kong dollar Currency U.S. ten-dollar bill Legal tender Article One of the United States Constitution Charles Ponzi United States dollar Mail fraud Kenya Bahamian dollar Confidence trick Money Banknote Hyperinflation Robert F. Kennedy Gold standard Dollar Bulk vending Canadian dollar New Orleans Mint Sealand Kazaa Australian dollar United States dollar coin Secretar__a de Inteligencia Fiat money Jamaican dollar Coin flipping Singapore dollar Exxon Valdez oil spill Vice President of the United States Kennedy half dollar Computer and video game industry Nickel (U.S. coin) Iran-Contra Affair Counterfeit MapleStory Liberty Dollar U.S. one hundred-dollar bill Coin Coalition Carlos Salinas Balanced Budget Amendment Royal Canadian Mint U.S. five-dollar bill George Washington Wide receiver Vending machine Minor league baseball Slot machine U.S. two-dollar bill Supply-side economics History of the English penny U.S. fifty-dollar bill United States coinage TLC Tax protester British coinage Federal Reserve Yen George W. Bush military service controversy 1933 Double Eagle United States Mint French presidential election, 2002 U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Pataca New Taiwan dollar Canadian football Mensal__o scandal U.S. presidential election, 2004 Ringgit October Surprise 1 (number) Money in Harry Potter Rand (currency) Pound sterling Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution United States presidential line of succession Hurricane Katrina disaster relief NFL on television Gold as an investment U.S. presidential election, 1988 Baht Silver Certificate Spanish dollar U.S. presidential election debates Norwegian krone Roman currency Mexican peso Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? History of the United States (1789-1849) Jesse Jackson Planchet Money supply Political campaign Frontier in Space U.S. presidential election, 2000 Sacagawea Dollar 