how much is american silver dollar worth you have a morgan dollar morgan dollars were minted from they were designed by george t morgan so yours is the first year of issue does your coin have a mintmark look on the back of your coin under the wreath if your coin grades vf very fine the value would be around if your coin grades ef extra fine the value would be around i hope this information helps answer your question Morgan Dollar United States dollar United States dollar coin Dime (U.S. coin) Farthing (coin) New Orleans Mint Australian dollar Nickel (U.S. coin) British coin Guinea Philippine peso Hong Kong dollar British coinage Eisenhower Dollar Mexican peso Coin Royal Canadian Mint History of the halfpenny History of the threepence Seated Liberty Dollar Money Canadian dollar American Gold Eagle Spanish dollar Sacagawea Dollar Euro coins Dollar Ringgit History of the British penny (1714-1901) Jamaican dollar Currency Gresham's law Kennedy half dollar United States coinage History of the English penny (1154-1485) Counterfeit U.S. five-dollar bill Yen Pound sterling Euro Legal tender Sterling silver Maundy money New Taiwan dollar Thaler Pataca 1804 silver dollar U.S. two-dollar bill Gold standard English coin Noble World Columbian Exposition 1933 Double Eagle In God We Trust Silver Certificate Double Eagle (U.S. coin) Liberty Dollar United States commemorative coin Gold sovereign Romanian leu Shilling Coinage of the Republic of Ireland Ancient Greek coinage Hyperinflation History of the British penny (1603-1714) Coin collecting Latin Monetary Union Franklin Mint U.S. ten-dollar bill Rupiah Singapore dollar Mint (coin) Riksdaler British coin Florin Indo-Greek Kingdom Coin grading J. P. Morgan Planchet History of the English penny Baht Byzantine coinage Washington Metro Penny (U.S. coin) Turkish lira Precious metal History of the English penny (1485-1603) Coinage Act (1792) Decimal Day Banknote U.S. one hundred-dollar bill Roman currency Loonie British Twenty-Five Pence coin British Five Pound coin State Quarters Greco-Buddhist art Money in Harry Potter Maria Theresa Thaler Obverse and reverse Agathocles of Bactria 