president's cup david graham was deposed as the captain of the international team in the nd president's cup competition was the real reason ever divulged for his dismissal and if so what was that reason no when peter thomson replaced graham he issued a gag order to his team about the subject the team obeyed and no specific reason was ever made public of course you probably recall that graham was sure that greg norman spearheaded the decision but other rumors floated around too in his defense norman said that it was a decision the entire team had made my personal take is that it wasn't just one factor that led to his removal as captain it was probably a combination of personality conflicts disagreements and who knows what nothing by itself was enough but the aggregate might have been Leeds United F.C. Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus English cricket team Newcastle United F.C. West Indian cricket team Cronulla Sharks Chelsea F.C. Alberto Gonzales FA Cup Football (soccer) Plame affair Bryan Robson Manchester United F.C. Celtic F.C. England national football team Melbourne Cricket Ground Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Rangers F.C. Chicago Blackhawks Norway national football team Cleveland Browns Aston Villa F.C. President of Germany David Beckham Everton F.C. Australia national football team British monarchy Gordon Banks Whose Line Is It Anyway? Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 7 Stanley Cup English national cricket captains Football World Cup University College Dublin F.C. Nigel Winterburn Dennis Lillee Indianapolis 500 2005 English cricket season New York Rangers Germany national football team Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Peter Shilton Norman Hunter Crystal Palace F.C. Bobby Charlton International cricket in South Africa (1971 to 1981) Cricket Judicial review Rugby league Peter Singer Sydney Riot of 1879 Investigations since the Fiji coup of 2000 Nick Faldo Royal Assent Coventry City F.C. Millwall F.C. Avengers (comics) Kevin Keegan Anarcho-capitalism Greg Norman Alan Shearer NAACP History of rugby league Wales national rugby union team Bank of England 9/11 conspiracy theories Zimbabwean cricket team Indian Oil Cup 2005 Government of India Mumia Abu-Jamal 2003 California recall Consensus decision-making April 2005 in sports Graham Dilley M16 (rifle) National Football League History of Arsenal F.C. Inflation Douglas MacArthur D.C. United West Bromwich Albion F.C. Military opposition to the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji) Martin Peters Chris Amon Intellectual property Tampa Bay Lightning Referendum Ryder Cup History of rugby union Secretary of State for Trade and Industry 2005 ICC Intercontinental Cup Arsenal F.C. Gustavo Kuerten Washington Capitals America's Cup Rugby Union World Cup Act of Parliament Debate Test cricket 