who is the spectator that heckled rory sabattini does anyone know the guys name that said hey rory still think tiger is beatable to sabattini this weekend i want to give the guy his props seconds later after sabbatini made a double bogey and was walking away from the ninth green retired firefighter and paramedic steve banky casually said to him hey rory still think tiger's beatable Detroit Tigers August 2005 in sports Spitting Image Golf glossary Rory Byrne Rory Gallagher Rusty Staub Drag racing The Wall Perfect game Kirk Gibson Ty Cobb Leicester Tigers Chris DiMarco Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Blackjack Chicago White Sox September 2004 in sports Gilmore Girls WGC-World Cup The McGuire Sisters 2004 American League Championship Series Reading and Leeds Festivals English Country Dance Paramedic No-hitter October 5 in baseball Iron Bowl Crash Bandicoot: Warped Minor characters in Morrowind Whose Line Is It Anyway? Hey Jude Suplex Lorelai Gilmore Rugby union positions Tiger Stadium (Baton Rouge) October 4 in baseball October 7 in baseball October 16 in baseball Major League Baseball television contracts 1957 World Series Charles Haughey Saturday Night Live Princeton University Who Shot Mr. Burns? Can't Hardly Wait Kyle Broflovski Taikyoku shogi Total Eclipse of the Heart F.C. United of Manchester April 2005 in sports Hyde United F.C. 2003 World Series Krusty the Clown World Series Reservoir Dogs Head (film) 24 Hours of Le Mans Gambling Boston Red Sox November 2004 in sports Beastie Boys Humphrey Bogart Hey Arnold! Satchel Paige Jeopardy! Vin Scully History of the Beatles October 2005 in sports Edward G. Robinson July 2005 in sports Dream Team Tai shogi Denis Leary Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels Hulk Hogan Mario series enemies Clemson University Param Vir Chakra Nigger Montreal Canadiens The Catcher in the Rye October 14 in baseball Heat Wave (comics) Siegfried & Roy Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Natural Born Kissers Dai dai shogi Mac OS X Andrew Dice Clay Rory Bremner Ko shogi 2004 World Series Babe Ruth Alyssa Jones Homer vs. Dignity David Cooper (footballer) Professional wrestling holds Dartmouth College Frankie Vaughan 