why does super mario world have only levels and not on the snes console why does super mario world have only levels and not why do we have two hands and not four why do we sleep at night and not the day its just the way it is or maybe there is four secret levels you dont know about Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario World Super Mario remake series Super Mario Bros. Super Mario 64 Super Mario All-Stars Computer role-playing game Mario Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Wario Banjo-Kazooie Bowser Super Mario Advance 4 Rare (video game company) Mario series enemies History of video games (16-bit era) Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Super Mario Land Lakitu Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Donkey Kong Super Mario Sunshine Nintendo Sega Mario Kart 64 Nintendo Revolution Luigi Nintendo Power Mario Bros. Nintendo 64 Yoshi Super Mario Kart Nintendo Entertainment System Goomba Platform game Super Smash Bros. Metroid series Nintendo DS Warp pipe Koopa Kid The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past Video game music Koopa Troopa Tetris Attack Super Smash Bros. Melee TurboGrafx 16 Super Mario Bros. television series Koji Kondo Analog stick Intelligent Systems Link (Legend of Zelda) Super FX Super Mario Strikers Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest Shigeru Miyamoto Mario's Picross Console emulator Chomp (Mario) Game Boy The Wizard (film) Enhanced remake Speedrun Mario Kart E-Reader Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Pac-Man History of video games (32-bit / 64-bit era) Super Mario 128 Chronology of console role-playing games Mortal Kombat Paper Mario Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Mario Kart DS Akuma (Street Fighter) Princess Peach Super Mario Bros. (film) Wolfenstein 3D Wart (Nintendo) Classic NES Series Mario Kart Super Circuit Game Boy Advance Toad (Nintendo) Konami Code Crash Bandicoot Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Donkey Kong 64 Sega Saturn Super Mushroom Sonic the Hedgehog Double Dragon Birdo Time attack The Legend of Zelda series High score Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time Mario Is Missing! 