why can i not get into sodoku from yahoo anymore i used to click on games a list would come up i would click on sodoku and a grid would appear now each time i click on sodoku it just displays the list again and won't let me into the grid anyone got any ideas as to why this is happening i'd appreciate your help i'm having same trouble no idea why sorry i can't help Game show Computer and video games Poker jargon Contract bridge Cluedo $ale of the Century Neopets Monopoly (game) Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters ELO rating system Omaha hold 'em Jeopardy! Counter-Strike The Late Show with David Letterman Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Mahjong Wheel of Fortune MSN Messenger Copy protection Game design Yahoo! Game mechanic Blackjack Nintendo Power Scooby-Doo Arcade game Whose Line Is It Anyway? Homestar Runner Mao (game) Game designer Prank flash Board game Mr. T Animal Crossing Finders Keepers Tic-Tac-Dough The Beach Boys Discworld FoxTrot Where's Wally? Pok__mon (video games) Draw poker Pok__mon Trading Card Game The Cat in the Hat Risk (game) Wargaming Game Donkey Kong Country (TV series) Role-playing game Google The Joker's Wild Sega Community card poker Computer and video game genres All-Star Baseball PlayStation 2 Collectible card game Paul Morphy Card game Cheating in poker Seventh Sea (collectible card game) Card Sharks Commodore 64 Winning Streak Graphics card Canasta Advanced Squad Leader Yu-Gi-Oh! Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Tic-tac-toe Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Scrabble (game show) Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Floppy disk Dominoes Aladdin (1992 film) Pac-Man David Firth The Internet Movie Database Multiplayer Video game music Baccarat Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Match Game Ra (board game) Pinoy Big Brother Unglued Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire Texas hold 'em Football (soccer) Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Magic: The Gathering Poker President (game) The House of the Dead (video game) The Sims Xbox Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Big Brother (USA TV series) 