what is the aim of the game runescape a friend reconmended it to me and i just wondered what the game is all about b i join its not too fun if u are not a member but if u r the answer is that u do all the quest work of skills to get a skill cape and the build your gold amount its a really fun game members and non just thing don't go into the wilderness with ppl that say they wont kill u also ppl will call u a noob which i didn't care i dint play that much anymore tho so i cant help Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Smash Bros. Koji Kondo Speedrun Super Mario Bros. 2 Articuno Game Critics Awards High score Time attack Boss (video games) Halo (video game series) Mew (Pok__mon) Video game music Fire Emblem Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Halo: Combat Evolved Halo 2 Mario Princess Peach Link (Legend of Zelda) Kirby Pikachu Nintendo Power Toad (Nintendo) Yoshi Luigi Fox McCloud Ho-Oh Computer and video games Pok__ Ball HALO/HAHO History of video games (Sixth generation era) Goomba Super Mushroom Halo: The Fall of Reach Super Mario Bros. television series Captain Falcon Mario series enemies Ness Super Mario World Cortana (Halo) Super Mario Bros. Birdo Bob-omb Bowser Launch game Mewtwo Fire Flower Master Hand Secret character Koopa The Covenant Professional wrestling aerial techniques Great Fox Mr. Game & Watch Xbox Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Electrode (Pok__mon) Nintendo Clefairy Fictional crossover Animal Crossing Pichu Hyrule Castle Super Mario 64 Super Mario All-Stars Deathmatch Super Mario Bros. 3 The Downward Spiral EarthBound Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Falco Lombardi Samus Aran Pok__mon Machinima Snorlax Ridley Gregory Helms Mario Bros. Lakitu Jigglypuff Pok__mon (video games) Classic NES Series United Nations Space Command Wario Super Mario Bros. (film) Halo Mjolnir Super Mario remake series The Hand That Feeds Tetris Attack MJOLNIR battle armor Lightsaber Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War Nintendo GameCube Princess Zelda Game & Watch F-Zero Donkey Kong Captain Olimar 