what limewire would i need to download roms i need to download roms because there are no site that let you download roms for free or they are just scams to get you to vote for them what kinda limewire do i need to download roms thnx thats not limewire rofl i got free roms but its a secret you gotta give me best answer and ill tell u Computer and video game genres Super Mario Bros. Toad (Nintendo) Mario Wario Paper Mario Platform game Bowser Princess Peach Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario World Super Mario Strikers Intelligent Systems Goomba Mario Bros. Super Mario 64 Super Mario 128 Tetris Attack Boss (video games) Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Yoshi Super Mario Bros. television series Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario Bros. 2 Computer and video games Nintendo GameCube Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Mario series enemies Mario Kart 64 Super Mario Kart Super Mario Bros. 3 Koji Kondo Nintendo Lakitu E-Reader Super Mario Sunshine Nintendo Power Luigi Piranha Plant Mario Kart DS Super Mario Bros. (film) The Legend of Zelda series Super Mario Advance 4 Koopa Troopa Birdo Super Mario All-Stars Mushroom Kingdom Video game music Classic NES Series Super Smash Bros. Melee Banjo-Kazooie Football (soccer) Hammer Brothers Super Mario remake series Super Mario Land Computer role-playing game Interactive Achievement Awards Mario Kart Super Circuit History of computer and video games Football (soccer) positions The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Sonic the Hedgehog Dr. Mario 64 Fire Flower Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Bob-omb Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Mario's Picross Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Yoshi Touch & Go Mario Kart Nintendo Comics System Rare (video game company) Link (Legend of Zelda) Donkey Kong Wart (Nintendo) PlayChoice-10 Chomp (Mario) Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Super Smash Bros. Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Street Fighter Game Boy Nintendo Revolution Nintendo DS Striker Thwomp The Wizard (film) Diddy Kong History of video games (16-bit era) Koopa Kid Super Mushroom Gamemaster Super Nintendo Entertainment System Video game character Nintendo Entertainment System Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Namco 