is this sentence correct grammar im doing this report in the form of a letter would this be correct should the comma be there nothing but the truth is the title of the book and its italized i enjoyed reading your book nothing but the truth you do not need a comma but titles should be underlined this mla rule goes for books periodicals long poems plays movies tv series paintings sculpture ships quotation marks should be used for chapter titles essays short poems tv episodes web page titles articles in periodicals Punctuation Quotation mark Comma (punctuation) Romanian language The New Yorker HTML element Arabic alphabet Literature Style guide American and British English differences Ligature (typography) Bluebook Apostrophe (mark) Serial comma APA style Propositional calculus E. E. Cummings J. R. R. Tolkien Italic type Esperanto orthography Perl Prescription and description Tetragrammaton Braille James Joyce Russian orthography King James Version of the Bible Wheel of Fortune On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences C. S. Lewis English grammar Ulysses (novel) Quotation Arabic language New Testament Semicolon Douglas Adams The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Cascading Style Sheets Discworld Prefix code Chuck Palahniuk Jacques Derrida Relative clause Latin alphabet Spider-Man: The Animated Series William Shakespeare ALGOL 68 Binomial nomenclature Poetry Second Amendment to the United States Constitution Anglo-Saxon literature Greek language Screenwriting Aramaic language Slovak language Jack Kerouac Oxford English Dictionary Case citation Yu-Gi-Oh! Clark Ashton Smith William James Marshall McLuhan Emphasis (typography) Grammar Italian language Tao Te Ching Hyperlink Hebrew language Typeface Book The Nameless Novel Grave accent Necronomicon House of Leaves Dante Alighieri Abbreviation Finnish language Polish language Philosophy of language William S. Burroughs D. H. Lawrence Rhetoric Culture of China Hamlet Scrabble (game show) William Blake Peerage Guy Davenport Ellipsis Jos__ Saramago Tacitus Biblical poetry Virgil Sword of Truth Apocrypha Emily Dickinson William Carlos Williams Kannada language United States Postal Service 