breanne nicole hi my name is breanne and my middle name is nicole sometimes i think my name sucks but some people always say they want to name their kids name breanne nicole but they r usually older people what do u guys and girls think i think it is georgeous and i would love to have that name that is soooo adorable ur so lucky Avenue Q Missy Elliott Nicole C. Mullen Nicole Kidman AVN Awards Zoey 101 Moulin Rouge! Lindsay Lohan Playmate Nicole Ari Parker Family Guy Hollyoaks Totally Spies! The Oblongs Situation comedy Nicole Eggert Urusei Yatsura The Kids in the Hall The Human Stain Married... with Children Tom the Dancing Bug The Adventures of Pete & Pete Lacey Chabert Frankie Vaughan Fictional character Black comedy Days of our Lives Minor characters in Sonic the Hedgehog Nicole Marie Lenz Gwen Stefani Kylie Minogue Kim Possible Love. Angel. Music. Baby. Kyle Broflovski Brain-computer interface New Kids on the Block Corey Haim Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy Doug All Saints (band) Internet phenomenon Kimi Finster MADtv recurring characters KaBlam! Cyberchase The Wack Pack The Pussycat Dolls The Fairly OddParents Janet Gaynor Chuckie Finster Nicole Brown Simpson Lauren Bacall Music of South Africa Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour Tom Cruise Homer and Ned's Hail Mary Pass Moe Szyslak Ray Winstone Lucky Luke E! Doris Day The Descendents Diana DeGarmo Guy Sebastian TRL retired videos Nicole Richie Recurring South Park characters Catgirl Saved by the Bell Anna Nicole Smith The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius Nina Sky Magical thinking Hey Arnold! Nicolas Oresme Jane Avril France in the Eurovision Song Contest Empire Burlesque Broken Sword Robert Downey Jr. I Love the 80s 3-D Madonna (entertainer) Mindy McCready AFI 100 Years series The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars Dogville Remember the Titans Cardcaptor Sakura 1987 Golden Raspberry Awards Crazy/Beautiful Lucky Luciano Malcolm in the Middle Nicole Wallace The Drifters Scooby-Doo Timbaland Guy Chambers Fictional crossover Michelle Branch Lionel Richie 