cincinnati open okay think college basketball which four players do you think will make the semi finals who's your dark horse in each section who's the champion and runner up top left federer dark horse none against federer bottom left novak djokovic dark horse richard gasquet top right dark horse john isner who will beat roddick in 's bottom right dark horse sam querrey who will beat nadal in 's champion federer runner up john isner http www atptennis com en common trackit asp file http www atptennis com posting mds pdf Roger Federer Andre Agassi Andy Roddick HyperText Transfer Protocol Mark Philippoussis Tennis Masters Cup Richard Gasquet David Nalbandian Ipswich Town F.C. Web server Pete Sampras Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Xiangqi Sports timeline Tennis Open Era Uniform Resource Locator Baseball 2005 US Open Association of Tennis Professionals June 2004 in sports Lleyton Hewitt 2000 Summer Olympics Cincinnati Reds Forfar Athletic F.C. Aston Villa F.C. June 2005 in sports Olympic Flame Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Poker jargon Cello Nottingham Forest F.C. FC Barcelona Millwall F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. College basketball International League 1957 World Series Carlos Moy__ Houston Astros Kevin Curren Norwich City F.C. Ajax (programming) Playoff Chicago Bulls Sheffield United F.C. Tennis at the 2004 Summer Olympics Houston Rockets Davis Cup July 2005 in sports Sam Barry Crystal Palace F.C. Buffalo Bills Ben Johnson (athlete) University of Arizona Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. Chess Alex Ferguson New York Giants 2005 World Series Taikyoku shogi Michael Jordan U.S. Open (tennis) Big East Conference 2004 World Series Plame affair New England Patriots NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Sports in Puerto Rico Domain Name System FA Premier League 1995-96 Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Port numbers San Diego Padres Real Madrid Kim Clijsters Coventry City F.C. David Robinson (basketball player) July 2004 in sports Bundesliga (football) Ivan Ljubi__i__ May 2005 in sports Athletics at the 1896 Summer Olympics American football Website Carolina Panthers Community card poker Bristol Rugby Softball Notts County F.C. March 2005 in sports Eisner Award Stanley Cup World Series St. Louis Cardinals National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines) D.C. United 