do u know anyone who looks like a celebrity my wife's dad looks like william shatner my dad looks like michael douglas with a little charles bronson i always get 'hey arent you brad pitt ' or 'fabian i love you' ok thats not true Charles Bronson Hey Jude William Shatner Ray Winstone Angelina Jolie MTV Movie Awards 1996 Another World (TV series) Brad Pitt Frederick Douglass American Dad! The Young and the Restless Hey Dad...! Billboard Hot 100 King of the Hill (The Simpsons episode) Head (film) William Pitt the Younger William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham 1994 Golden Raspberry Awards Kurt Cobain Friends Situation comedy Eric Morecambe Live 8 concert, London Alice Cooper William Shatner's musical career The Twilight Zone E! True Hollywood Story Hey Arnold! Leader of the House of Commons True Romance Richard Aldington MTV Movie Awards 1995 Hugo Award for Best Fan Artist Kirk Douglas David Fincher Charles Bronson (prisoner) Chancellor of the Exchequer Lord Privy Seal Doug The Magnificent Seven Canada's Walk of Fame Boston Legal Father Liberal-Progressive candidates, 1953 Manitoba provincial election Manitoba general election, 1945 Dad's Army Aladdin (1992 film) Bronson Pinchot Round the Twist The Adventures of Pete & Pete Bro'Town The Greatest Canadian Seventieth United States Congress Coronation Street Death Wish Star Trek: Generations George II of Great Britain Columbia Law School Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Razzie Award for Worst Actor Henry Fonda G. D. H. Cole McGill University Thelma and Louise Whig Everybody Loves Raymond Seven (film) The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air James Doohan George III of the United Kingdom Chuck Cunningham syndrome Brad Mehldau 106th United States Congress 105th United States Congress Grandview, U.S.A. Jesse James Thirty-third United States Congress The Marshall Mathers LP One Life to Live The Great Escape AVN Awards Twenty-seventh United States Congress EastEnders Academy Award for Best Cinematography Bart the Daredevil Shane Douglas Rocko's Modern Life Tory 108th United States Congress 109th United States Congress MacArthur Foundation William Douglas-Hamilton, Duke of Hamilton The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius The Jim Rome Show Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story Mr. and Mrs. Turner Cameo appearance Norman Corwin Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Movie Infernal Affairs 