if t pain was president if he or any rapper was to run for president would you vote for him if he won wouldnt the states be like the most fun place eva lol yes t pain will be much better than george bush Vice President of the United States President of the United States U.S. presidential election, 2004 Palindrome Jeb Bush U.S. presidential election, 2000 Republican Party (United States) U.S. Electoral College Maria Cantwell David Cobb Democratic Party (United States) U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Red state vs. blue state divide Third party (United States) Ralph Yarborough William Rehnquist Joint Resolution to Authorize the Use of United States Armed Forces Against Iraq George Wallace Ralph Nader LOL (Internet slang) U.S. presidential election, 1980 George Pataki George H. W. Bush U.S. presidential election, 1992 Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution George W. Bush New Hampshire primary Bill Clinton U.S. Senate election, 2006 U.S. presidential election Channel One News U.S. presidential election, 1988 Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Ken Blackwell Alberto Gonzales Chief Justice of the United States Government of Ohio Condoleezza Rice George Voinovich U.S. presidential election, 1984 Politics of the Southern United States Ross Perot Olympia Snowe Al Gore Elections in the United States Plurality electoral system Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Rob Portman John Quincy Adams JibJab Jimmy Carter Robert Byrd U.S. presidential election, 2008 This Hour Has 22 Minutes Federal Marriage Amendment Tony Blair Mufi Hannemann Paul Hackett John McCain Bush v. Gore Toronto Blue Jays 2004 Democratic National Convention Mel Martinez Joe Lieberman Bill Clinton presidential campaign, 1992 Politics of the United States Bob Dole Supreme Court of the United States U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Strom Thurmond Read my lips: no new taxes U.S. Senate election, 2004 Mitt Romney Acting President of the United States Royal Academy United States Director of National Intelligence U.S. presidential election, 1972 Neil Bush Curt Schilling Iowa caucus Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Tom Ridge War on Terrorism Bob McEwen Article One of the United States Constitution Colin Powell Politics of Iraq American Revolution Dick Cheney George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Bush family Criticisms of the War on Terrorism Bernie Sanders Barbara Bush Orange Order Hillary Rodham Clinton Reggie Bush Ohio Republican Party Walter Mondale 