george bush or john kerry george bush for me george bush is a corrupt pig i'd go with john kerry but i'm not from america so i couldn't vote anyway lol U.S. presidential election, 2004 John Kerry George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 2004 Democratic National Convention Democratic Party (United States) George W. Bush Howard Dean U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Bush family Federal Marriage Amendment Ralph Nader John McCain U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 U.S. House election, 2006 Zell Miller 2004 Republican National Convention Teresa Heinz Kerry U.S. presidential election, 2008 Hart's Location, New Hampshire President of the United States Mike Malloy David Cobb Swift Vets and POWs for Truth Republican Party (United States) Iowa caucus Skull and Bones Vice President of the United States John Kerry military service controversy John O'Neill (Vietnam veteran) Ken Blackwell 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Dixville Notch, New Hampshire New Hampshire primary Red state vs. blue state divide 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Phillips Academy 2004 Osama bin Laden video U.S. presidential election debates John Edwards Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities U.S. Electoral College Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Jeff Gannon Martin J. O'Malley Jeb Bush Archibald Prize Christian right 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Northern Virginia John R. Bolton Porter J. Goss Al Gore Michael Moore Ray Nagin Mini-Tuesday JibJab Ticket balance 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Mary Landrieu Killian documents Condoleezza Rice Fulbright Hearing Bill Clinton Chief Justice of the United States Same-sex marriage in the United States Laura Bush Criticisms of the War on Terrorism U.S. Senate election, 2006 MoveOn Karl Rove Ted Kennedy Jimmy Carter John Negroponte Margin of error Bill Maher Rock Against Bush Antichrist Democratic Underground 2004 U.S. election voting controversies John Zogby Pensacola, Florida Queens Massachusetts Bob Brown Harriet Miers Dixie Chicks George Voinovich Dave Mustaine Jean Schmidt Ron Reagan Ralph Yarborough Conservative Democrat New England George Soros London School of Economics Channel One News Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement Joint Resolution to Authorize the Use of United States Armed Forces Against Iraq 