ok are you ready to vote what are the three most frequently asked and might be the most annoying questions on ya polls and surveys am i pretty grrrrr what's your my favorite color what do i do about bf gf bff who is better blond or brunett who cares all stupid and very teenage when does school start The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Opinion poll Bob Hope The Ashlee Simpson Show Family Feud Futurama (TV series - season 5) Doug Alan Keyes Hair color Moe Szyslak Joke Stock character Hermione Granger The Catherine Tate Show Saved by the Bell E.L.E.C.T.I.O.N.S. Milton H. Erickson Pok__mon Live! British national identity card Instant-runoff voting MAD Magazine Blond 11001001 (TNG episode) Barbie Same-sex marriage in Canada Kim Possible Homer Simpson The Rasmus Hillary Rodham Clinton Paris Hilton Sexuality and gender identity-based cultures Census Adolescence Shannon Tweed Little Britain Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Robbie Williams SpongeBob SquarePants ROC presidential election, 2004 Blonde on Blonde Paul von Hindenburg Lois Griffin Teen Girl Squad Drew Struzan Characters in the Smurfs Match Game Totally Spies! Reese Witherspoon U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 W.I.T.C.H. Bj__rk Fark.com Britney Spears Frank Sinatra Blackadder Futari wa Pretty Cure Codename: Kids Next Door GED Supergirl Legally Blonde Marilyn Monroe Films that have been considered the greatest ever Babylon 5 Groo the Wanderer Fruits Basket Megan Griffin George W. Bush Margin of error Jean Schmidt Tom and Jerry (MGM) Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents YuYu Hakusho Politics of Germany Weekly World News U.S. Senate election, 2006 Swami Vivekananda Mandy Moore Michael Howard Usagi Tsukino Education in the United States Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water Quebec general election, 2003 Royal Canadian Air Farce Tokusatsu The Simpsons Married... with Children Queen of Wands Poll tax Rick Santorum Singlish Jeopardy! in culture Hair Pitaten Paul Martin U.S. presidential election, 2000 Calvin and Hobbes Mahathir bin Mohamad 