please help me in respect of this phrase be a role model make sure your son sees you reading and writing if he sees you doing it he ll respect you and the activity more could you explain the phrase he ll respect you and the activity more does it mean that he will respect both his father and activity yes you are correct Faux pas Fox News Mike Malloy Rush Limbaugh Media bias in the United States Ann Coulter The Rush Limbaugh Show American liberalism Rick Santorum Left-wing politics Michael Medved Glossary of American football Republican Party (United States) Talk radio Democratic Party (United States) Al Franken Friends U.S. presidential election, 2008 Pat Buchanan Air America Radio Don Imus Quebec French Ralph Nader Donovan McNabb U.S. Electoral College Mediation Cindy Sheehan Social Democratic and Labour Party Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Paul Hackett Nuclear option (filibuster) John Edwards Democracy Republican In Name Only Joke Liberalism Michael Savage (commentator) Buffalo Bills Separation of church and state Social democracy Federalist No. 10 Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 Mario Cuomo Super Bowl XIX Shit Democratic-Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2000 Eco-terrorism United States House of Representatives Hillary Rodham Clinton Euphemism Comedy Strong atheism Reactionary U.S. Senate election, 2004 Barry Goldwater Super Bowl IX Southern Democrats Don Sundquist Democratic socialism American Conservatism Zell Miller U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 P. J. O'Rourke The West Wing (television) Jack Kingston Super Bowl XXVII Barack Obama Charles B. Rangel Patrick J. Kennedy Existence Congress of the United States Gay rights Russ Feingold Jean Schmidt Speaker of the United States House of Representatives 2004 Republican National Convention Ben Nelson Democratic Unionist Party Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them The Daily Show Ted Kennedy Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) Idaho Offensive terms per nationality Blue Dog Democrats Humour European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party Democratic National Committee Old Right Indian English Liberalism worldwide Democrat In Name Only Republic Like Reaganomics Liberal Democrats (UK) Irish Republicanism Treaty 