what are these called hotmail com im taling about these the underscore called low line in various computer standards is the character with ascii value on the standard us or uk computer keyboard it shares a key with the hyphen on the top row to the right of the key it is a character left over from the typewriter prior to the advent of word processing using the underscore character was the only method of underlining words to produce an underlined word the word was typed the typewriter carriage was then moved back to the beginning of the word and the word was overtyped with the underscore character it is also often used instead of a space in computer operating systems filenames e mail addresses and in world wide web urls some computer applications will automatically underline text surrounded by underscores underlined will render underlined it is also conventionally used in this fashion on usenet to indicate emphasis and can be used in other ascii only media e mail irc instant messaging for this purpose when the underscore is used for emphasis in this fashion it is usually interpreted as indicating that the enclosed text is underlined or italicised as opposed to bold underscore is not a dash and should not be used as such although an apparent convention for text news wires is to use an underscore when an em dash or en dash is desired or when other non standard characters such as bullets would be appropriate a series of underscores like may be used to create a blank to be filled in on a form it is also sometimes used to create a horizontal line if no other method is available Prolog Collation Alphabet Dmitri Shostakovich Latin alphabet Transposition cipher Huffman coding George Fox Writing system Ludwig Wittgenstein Jack Kerouac Greek alphabet Life and work of Ludwig van Beethoven Hungarian language Tetragrammaton Theodore of Mopsuestia Tablature Joseph Haydn Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky Philipp Melanchthon Louis MacNeice The writing of Principia Mathematica J. D. Salinger Lewis Carroll C. S. Lewis Writing Religious Society of Friends Proofs of Fermat's little theorem Hebrew alphabet Petrarch Abbreviation Hunter S. Thompson Franz Kafka H.P. Lovecraft Diacritic Rabindranath Tagore One Tree Hill (TV series) Playfair cipher Emily Dickinson Numerology Lotus 1-2-3 Cicero UTF-8 Cyrillic alphabet BASIC programming language Acronym and initialism Jerome False friend Franz Schubert Ernest Hemingway Saint Peter Andrew Lang Abgarus of Edessa Arabic alphabet Word problem for groups Alternative political spellings Thomas Pynchon W. H. Auden Socrates Pattern matching Paul of Tarsus Tacitus Letter Infinite monkey theorem CYK algorithm Hangul Aum Chomsky hierarchy Braille Information entropy F. Scott Fitzgerald Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart Pinyin Kolmogorov complexity Bah__'__ Faith and Science House of Leaves Samuel Taylor Coleridge Names of God in Judaism Transliteration Minuscule Cursive Ligature (typography) Charles Darwin's views on religion Acute accent Capitalization Martin Luther Gothic language Hebrew language Robert Burns English alphabet Gimel (letter) Punctuation Ambrose Bierce Variable Charles Lever Russian alphabet Henry James Sr. Yu-Gi-Oh! Epistle to the Romans Romanian language 