what are my chances of getting into harvard my grandfather went to harvard and he had many useful contacts and he served on the admissions board he says he thinks he can get me into harvard my friend also knows someone who works at harvard i have a gpa and i am going to start doing extracuricular activities i can get scholarships easily so money should not be an issue do i have a decent chance of getting in yes they work on connections enough that you can probably get in but will you really feel like you've accomplished anything if you only get in by using family connections Education in the United States Grade (education) College admissions Harvard University Ted Kennedy Charles William Eliot Affirmative action Law school Graduate school Warren Buffett SAT John Cage W.E.B. DuBois Corporation Yale Law School Lani Guinier Lowell High School (San Francisco) Ivy League College of William and Mary Education in Germany Joseph Soloveitchik University of Southern California Intelligent design Phillips Exeter Academy Harvard Law School Theodore Roosevelt Harken Energy Scandal Ohio Wesleyan University Trade union L. Paul Bremer Robert Oppenheimer Regents of the University of California v. Bakke Christopher Alexander Harvard College Philanthropy Ralph Waldo Emerson Central processing unit Labour economics Middle Tennessee State University University of Mississippi College Numerus clausus The Harvard Crimson John Kerry Indian Institutes of Management University of Michigan Immanuel Kant American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Harvard Business School Dr. Michael M. Krop High School Law School Admissions Test Harvard Faculty of Arts and Sciences Fair Game (Scientology) ELO rating system Theodore Kaczynski New Trier High School Aristotle Caldwell College Charter school Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Moorestown, New Jersey Stanford University William S. Burroughs Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering National Certificate of Educational Achievement Authentic performance E. E. Cummings Cornel West Josh Lyman Dawson's Creek Birth control Education in Romania Mahidol Adulyadej Provost (education) Tacitus T. S. Eliot The Apprentice 2 candidates Yu-Gi-Oh! Equal Protection Clause Ruth Bader Ginsburg Donald Rumsfeld Motivation Yale University Rhetoric Dordt College Benazir Bhutto Friendship PSAT/NMSQT Jon Secada University of Cambridge Sara Sidle Ba Jin Dell Hymes Condoleezza Rice Education in the People's Republic of China Abduction Phenomenon Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Undergrads St. Albans School Marshall McLuhan 