where else is good to go for a music industry major it's that time to look at colleges and deicde where to go i would love to go to drexel university for music industry but it's extremely expensive i'm at a loss of where else to look at and somewhere that isn't far from pennsylvania can any one help i'm not sure if i know of any that are close to pa but i know of quite a few there's full sail in florida mcnally in minnesota la recording school in california ipr in minnesota that's all i can think of right now but the schools are out there also you could try berklee online and you wouldn't even have to leave your house Berklee College of Music Drexel University College football State university University of Minnesota University of Southern California College rivalry Military academy Alpha Epsilon Pi Minnesota Amusement park Grunge music USS Pennsylvania (BB-38) Phi Kappa Psi Music school Saint Paul, Minnesota University of Central Florida Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act Sigma Nu Fight song University of Minnesota system University of Pennsylvania Bloomington, Minnesota Elections in the United States U.S. presidential election, 2004 U.S. presidential election, 2000 College soccer U.S. Electoral College Episcopal Church in the United States of America Minnesota Public Radio Pennsylvania State University Lambda Chi Alpha Aimee Mann Macy's Rick Santorum Midwestern United States Delta Gamma Twin cities U.S. House election, 2004 Florida International University Super Bowl XXIII Harrisburg, Pennsylvania Alpha Gamma Delta Liberal arts college Minnesota State University Mankato Collegiate Network Frank Gehry Pitaten Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Minnesota Twins U.S. House election, 2006 Florida State University U.S. Senate election, 2006 Newsweek's List of the 1,000 Top U.S. Schools (2005) University of St. Thomas (Minnesota) The Searchers (band) The Beach Boys American football U.S. Highway 1 Oakland Athletics Big Ten Conference Senate Internal Security Subcommittee Republican Party (United States) Ninety-fifth United States Congress Kappa Sigma Highest-income places in the United States James P. Bagian University of Pennsylvania Law School University of Connecticut Instant-runoff voting Ninety-sixth United States Congress St. Cloud, Minnesota University of Notre Dame Teresa Heinz Kerry Pittsburgh Steelers Sixty-ninth United States Congress Alpha Phi Naturopathic medicine Florida A&M University Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Lee-Hom Wang Interstate 95 Interstate 80 Lee Lawrie Kodocha FairTax Toronto Blue Jays Wilmington, Delaware Eden Prairie, Minnesota Public Ivies Music of immigrant communities in the United States KCMP College basketball October 12 in baseball Highest-income counties in the United States Palo Alto, California U.S. state Gustavus Adolphus College Belmont University Education in the United States 