if hilary clinton won the presidency america would be hell agree or disagree agree the same with any of the democratic hopefuls Hillary Rodham Clinton Read my lips: no new taxes Democratic Party (United States) George H. W. Bush 2004 Republican National Convention U.S. Senate election, 2006 President of the United States Operation Restore Hope Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2008 Lewinsky scandal Elections in Cyprus 2004 Democratic National Convention Jimmy Carter New Hampshire primary Third party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1996 U.S. presidential election, 1992 War of the Pacific Robert Byrd U.S. Electoral College U.S. presidential election, 2000 Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Senate Report of Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States Jesse Jackson Clinton County, Ohio Camp David 2000 Summit Iraq disarmament crisis Bill Clinton Lloyd Bentsen Fernando Ferrer The West Wing (television) U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Movement to impeach George W. Bush Al Gore Dale Bumpers German federal election, 2005 Politics of the United States Robert Reich Dick Morris Ralph Nader George Wallace Desmond O'Malley Weimar Republic Martin Van Buren Plame affair Conservative Democrat Walter Mondale Official Monster Raving Loony Party Joe Lieberman G8 Barry Goldwater Les Aspin Barack Obama Olympia Snowe Ann Coulter Bill Clinton presidential campaign, 1992 Clinton Presba Anderson Russ Feingold Newt Gingrich Recess appointment Mike Huckabee Betsy McCaughey Ross Ross Perot New Democratic Party Hell's Kitchen George W. Bush J. William Fulbright Purgatory Liberal Democrats (UK) Libertarian Party (United States) Oslo Accords Jerry Brown Congress of the United States History of the Republic of China United Kingdom general election, 2005 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change George Clinton (vice president) Clarence Thomas U.S. Senate election, 2004 Chancellor of Germany U.S. presidential election, 1968 John Dingell Democratic National Convention U.S. presidential election, 1976 John Nance Garner National Rifle Association Whig Party (United States) Warren Commission Rod Blagojevich Singapore Democratic Party U.S. presidential election, 1964 Eric Heffer Harry S. Truman The Rush Limbaugh Show U.S. presidential election debates Plurality electoral system Marbury v. Madison Democracy 