question to minorities what do you think about affirmative action enough affirmitive action less excuses for white folks to complain about us getting unfair advantage Affirmative action Discrimination Reverse discrimination Model minority Equal Protection Clause Racism Policy Debate Estoppel Falsifiability Bumiputra Kasparov versus The World Supreme Court of the United States Predatory lending Freedom of speech Tim Wise Antitrust Section One of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms Regents of the University of California v. Bakke Employment law Alberto Gonzales Democratic Party (United States) Anti-racism RuneScape cheats Neuro-linguistic programming Richard Allen (reverend) Alan Keyes Slashdot subculture Slander and libel Atlantic slave trade Salary cap Autonomous entities of China White (people) Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology Multiculturalism Cable television Arius W. Mark Felt Neopets Sponsorship scandal Foreign policy of the George W. Bush administration Intelligent design movement British National Party Arab-Israeli conflict American liberalism Numerus clausus Grutter v. Bollinger Plame affair Prime Directive Alexander I of Russia Wolf v. Colorado Existence of God Rape U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Fathers' rights Ku Klux Klan English verbs Rick Santorum Peter J. Brennan Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act French language Fair use Appeal Esperanto as an international language State terrorism ISO 9000 Diversity Santa Claus Schleswig-Holstein Question Partition of India SOCOM II: U.S. Navy SEALs Mumia Abu-Jamal Boston Public Homosexuality and Christianity Downing Street memo Clarence Thomas Conglomerate (company) Self-hatred Cicero Terri Schiavo Negro league baseball Lie Mao (game) Rent (musical) Tribal sovereignty Sunni Islam Cyprus dispute Byron White Senate Report of Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc. Hate speech Class action Consensual crime Evil Status of religious freedom in Iran History of Schleswig-Holstein Race and intelligence Buddhism Halo 2 Exalted 