would you rather have a black president or a hispanic president why hmm i was hoping for people to be truthfull but sadly we have quite a few liars here i guess this is one of the inaccuracies of opinion polls everyone lies black cuz they are legally here Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them Jon Secada Lie Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Opinion poll Liar paradox Bullshit Swift Vets and POWs for Truth Ann Coulter Fox News Hugo Black Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Movement to impeach George W. Bush Anti-Secession Law of the People's Republic of China Freedom of speech Truth Florida Central Voter File Hidden Markov model Downing Street memo Fahrenheit 9/11 Reggie White Political status of Taiwan Epimenides paradox United Kingdom general election, 1992 Ronald Reagan Usopp Margin of error U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Plame affair Karl Rove Liar Liar Viterbi algorithm U.S. presidential election, 2000 Slander and libel Herodotus The writing of Principia Mathematica U.S. presidential election, 2004 Nuclear option (filibuster) 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Cindy Sheehan Republican Party (United States) 2005 Philippine electoral crisis Judge Al Franken Alberto Gonzales United Kingdom general election, 2005 Masturbation Canadian federal election, 2004 Les Guignols de l'Info Blonde on Blonde ROC presidential election, 2004 White (people) Hispanic American popular opinion on invasion of Iraq Erie doctrine Race (U.S. Census) Indonesian presidential election, 2004 Speech synthesis John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Iranian presidential election, 2005 Magistrate Theory of conduct Reconciliation and Unity Commission (Fiji) USA PATRIOT Act Farrer Herschell, 1st Baron Herschell Taiwan independence Tony Blair National Kidney Foundation Singapore Nadir of American race relations Michael D. Brown Frank Rizzo Opposition to cults and new religious movements Lewis Franklin Powell, Jr. William Rehnquist Abortion Robert H. Jackson Chilean presidential election, 2005 Martin Luther King, Jr. U.S. Senate election, 2004 Big Lie Marbury v. Madison Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus George Wallace Brown v. Board of Education Citizen journalism Media bias in the United States Deception Public opinion Hungry, Hungry Homer Teach the Controversy Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Creation-evolution controversy U.S. Senate election, 2006 Capital punishment Church of Christ, Scientist British national identity card NAACP Nelson Mandela Black market Same-sex marriage in the United States 