baby girl name my sister wants to name her baby girl saffron i think this is a strange name and have never heard of it just wondering what you views on it are thanks its different just think about how people will treat her with a name like that do you think the other kids at school will make fun of her Boy Meets World Doug Tiny Toon Adventures Frankie Vaughan Joke Love. Angel. Music. Baby. S.N.O.W.I.N.G. The Shining (film) Kodocha Gwen Stefani Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Teamo Supremo Endless Harmony Soundtrack Baby Blues Generation Y The Beach Boys Situation comedy Jon Secada Boy band Kyle Broflovski The Fairly OddParents Shut Down Volume 2 Invader Zim Frankie Laine Spice Girls Xiaolongn__ Milton H. Erickson Ol' Dirty Bastard Orry-Kelly Our Mrs. Reynolds Sesame Street, Season 35 The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland Cardcaptor Sakura AFI 100 Years series Teachers (film) Pitaten Internet phenomenon Empire Burlesque Friends Brooke Shields Paul Is Dead All Summer Long Gary Barlow Animaniacs JoJo Cool (song) Code: Lyoko The O.C. Heart of Gold (Firefly) Scarlet's Walk Arthur (TV series) Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder Care Bears The Supremes Wonderful Town Roger Ebert's most hated films Sharon Tate Neighbours Romulus and Remus Alice's Adventures in Wonderland The Flintstones Younger versions of cartoon characters One-hit wonder Kimi Finster Inca mythology E.L.E.C.T.I.O.N.S. Anorexia nervosa The Kids in the Hall The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Hilary Duff Sid Vicious Married... with Children The Adventures of Pete & Pete Endless Summer (album) Strange Little Girls Sesame Street Kid Radd Gunslinger Girl Murdock-Portal Elementary School Single certification Sunset Beach (soap opera) That '70s Show Kimberly-Clark Corporation Helen Hunt Jam (TV series) Peanuts Cross-dressing The McGuire Sisters EastEnders The Drifters Spirited Away What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film) Birthday The Virgin Suicides Mary, the mother of Jesus Rais massacre The Beach Boys in Concert Captain Beefheart 