Liver histology, blood biochemistry and RNA, DNA and subcellular protein composition of various skeletal muscles of rats with experimental cirrhosis: implications for alcoholic muscle disease.
 (1) Liver cirrhosis was induced in male rats by treatment with carbon tetrachloride and phenobarbitone for 130-142 days.
 Detailed histological examination showed all livers from rats treated with carbon tetrachloride had annular fibrosis, necrosis, loss of normal hepatic architecture and other features that were consistent with an established micronodular cirrhosis.
 (2) Plasma biochemical analysis showed a significant reduction in total protein concentration (13%), which was due entirely to a reduction in plasma albumin (29%).
 There were also large increases in the plasma activities of alkaline phosphatase (110%) and aspartate aminotransferase (159%), when compared to phenobarbitone-treated controls.
 Plasma cholesterol was also increased (67%), but other plasma analytes were not significantly altered.
 (3) The soleus (Type I), plantaris (Type II) and gastrocnemius (Types I and II) muscles were dissected and examined for possible differential effects.
 There were minor reductions in all three muscle weights, but these changes did not reach statistical significance.
 The protein, RNA and DNA concentrations, total muscle content and content relative to body weight in cirrhotic rats were also not significantly altered in any of the muscles.
 Cirrhosis did not cause any perturbations in derived parameters, i.e.
 amount of synthetic apparatus per cell, RNA/DNA ratio, apparent cell size, protein/DNA ratio and the capacity for protein synthesis or RNA/protein ratio.
 (4) The gastrocnemius was fractionated into soluble, stromal and myofibrillar proteins.
 The concentrations and contents of all three proteins were unaltered in cirrhotic animals, compared to controls.
 (5) It is concluded that in this experimental model of cirrhosis there were no effects on those skeletal muscle variables which are strikingly altered by chronic alcohol feeding.
