why do people choose fantasy read description first why do people always look for the scenes they see on tv or in the movies for example you watch all these romantic movies and in the end you want to have the same situation happen to you because media has a great influence over our lives if we have been repetedly told that something is the ideal way for something to happen we want it the same way Humphrey Bogart French literature of the 19th century Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Motion picture rating system Western (genre) Spoiler (media) Human sexual behavior About a Boy The Lovely Bones Triage Final Fantasy VII Novel Supernatural Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Charles Dickens Television rating system Scenes from a Memory Sexual orientation Oprah Winfrey The Star Wars Holiday Special Tarot Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Revolutionary Girl Utena Tidus Fictional character Generation X Gladiator (2000 film) Taxi Driver Characters in Neon Genesis Evangelion Storytelling The Price Is Right Hannah and Her Sisters Mulholland Drive (film) Documentary film Rape Eug__ne Delacroix E.T.A. Hoffmann North by Northwest Casablanca (film) Sant Thakar Singh The Virgin Suicides Pedophilia Charles Whitman American Psycho Theory of conduct Serial Highlander (film) Ancient Greek literature What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film) Transcendentalism Memento (film) Leo Wyatt Death rock Anime Miguel de Cervantes Johannes Brahms Harold Bloom The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (film) Last Action Hero The Shining (film) C. S. Lewis Napoleon Dynamite Transactional analysis Doctor (Doctor Who) Air Florida Flight 90 The Stone Roses A Series of Unfortunate Events J. R. R. Tolkien Romantic nationalism Ludwig van Beethoven Objectivist philosophy Whose Line Is It Anyway? Care Bears Film Barbra Streisand John Cage Shipping (fandom) A Beautiful Mind Donnie Darko Hamlet My Sassy Girl Fantasy Pornography in Japan Samuel Taylor Coleridge Symbolism (arts) Romanticism in Poland Thomas Cole Edgar Cayce Fahrenheit 9/11 Cliffhanger Queer as Folk (U.S.) What a Way to Go! Screenwriting Shrek 2 Highlander: The Series Interactive fiction Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within Inflation fetishism Matins 