if you could write the way you always wanted to with perfect skills what would you write would it be fiction or non fiction a novel magazine article short story or poem an essay a letter to your lover or something else what would the topic be i would write something i could sell i would write a great book and get rich like jk rowling she got the books and the movies sorry this is shallow but lost my job this week and money is on the brain topic i would take one life experience and make it into something more interesting by adding some fiction Literature Frank Herbert C. S. Lewis Terry Pratchett D. H. Lawrence Canon (fiction) Guy Davenport Science fiction F. Scott Fitzgerald Chuck Palahniuk Donald Barthelme Thomas M. Disch Clark Ashton Smith Camille Paglia James Joyce A. S. Byatt H. G. Wells Ernest Hemingway Arthur Machen Book J. K. Rowling Harry Potter Robert A. Heinlein John Updike Rabindranath Tagore The New Yorker Gene Wolfe Philip K. Dick J. R. R. Tolkien Japanese poetry H.P. Lovecraft Tom Wolfe William S. Burroughs Victorian literature Jack Kerouac George Moore (novelist) Franz Kafka Jack London Canadian literature Arthur C. Clarke Ursula K. Le Guin Harry Potter fandom Kay Boyle John Barth Michael Moorcock Fight Club Mary Sue Rudyard Kipling The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Dylan Thomas Orson Scott Card Waka Mark Twain History of science fiction Robert Schumann Kim Stanley Robinson H.D. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz W. H. Auden Robertson Davies Harlan Ellison Robert Altman Stan Lee Ambrose Bierce Hermione Granger Publication of Darwin's theory Modesty Blaise John Cheever Eugene Onegin Diagon Alley Carl Barks Edgar Allan Poe Louis Zukofsky Hugo Award Samuel Beckett Robert Browning Ralph Waldo Emerson Will Eisner Science fiction magazine J. Michael Straczynski Haiku Thomas Love Peacock Eidetic memory William Gibson (novelist) Henry James Entertainment Weekly Charles Bukowski Discworld Essay Immortality G. K. Chesterton Laura Ingalls Wilder GED Crime fiction The Skeptical Environmentalist Fan fiction Children's literature 