what method to you use to take difficult decisions i would think of all the pros and cons ask someone else's opinion re think and then decide Biblical inerrancy Originalism Energy development Shulkhan Arukh Takeover Planned Parenthood v. Casey The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking Consensus decision-making U.S. Electoral College Mishneh Torah Stare decisis Same-sex marriage in Canada Nuclear power phase-out Scientology versus The Internet LogP Epinions.com Judicial review Appeal Sender Policy Framework Judicial functions of the House of Lords T-tail Opinion Exception handling New Hampshire Supreme Court Freenet Reprobation Computer virus Stomach cancer Evidence-based medicine Jury trial Fume hood Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario Peer review Halting problem Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Arbitration Linked list Dissociative identity disorder United States Constitution Blue Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Australian legislative election, 2004 United Methodist Church IPv6 Freedom of the press Apple Computer Irish Republican Army Days of our Lives G__del's incompleteness theorem Mediation International Court of Justice Largest remainder method Complexity classes P and NP Supreme Court of the United States Limited atonement Nelson Erazo Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Software documentation Fox News Journalism ethics and standards Spanish prepositions Lawrence v. Texas Sydney Riot of 1879 Canadian federal election, 2004 All My Children Abortion in the United States Electronic voting Scholasticism Decision making Artemisia Gentileschi Accession of Turkey to the European Union Principal Charming Microeconomics Acting President of the United States Scientific consensus Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer Falsifiability Campaign finance reform Capital punishment Andrew Vassos Decision theory Professional wrestling Philipp Melanchthon Friends Eldred v. Ashcroft Van Orden v. Perry Colonialism Bowers v. Hardwick Super Bowl XXXVI Cour de cassation Christian perfection Bush v. Gore Gustavo Kuerten Widescreen Athenian democracy Hizb ut-Tahrir Fall Out Boy Chris Benoit Marbury v. Madison Skateboarding trick 