statue of your 'modern day footballing hero' to the best of my knowledge all the statues you get at various football grounds always depicts a legend of that clubs yester year who has probably now passed away whilst this is obvious and your club history is important would you like to see your 'modern day hero' immortalised if so which one of your current players would you choose at blackpool we have a statue of our legend 'stan mortenson' i would choose our little irish wizzard ' wes hoolohan' as the one i would like to see from our current squad best wishes dave hello bully boy i re posted this question coz the numpty i am posted this in the scottish section i personally would have chose this for your lot http www burnleyfootballclub premiumtv co uk page profilesdetail html just for the comedy hairstyle and big ears imagine the stick we would give you lmao hiya matty m yeah mr celtic ' jinky ' should be immortalised larsson is also a great call for a modern day player 'king kenny' though would cause a major rift with youselves and liverpool more of a household name at liverpool imo we have the same problem with 'stanley matthews' and stoke city he was more of a household name with ourselves yet stoke city have laid claim to the great man andy gray off the mark already money rolling in at the end of season Celtic F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Liverpool F.C. Stoke City F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. FA Cup Torquay United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Everton F.C. The Football League Liverpool Leeds United F.C. Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year F.C. United of Manchester Kenny Dalglish Nottingham Forest F.C. Scottish Premier League Rangers F.C. Alex Ferguson Stanley Matthews Manchester United F.C. Notts County F.C. Dundee United F.C. Hibernian F.C. Rocko's Modern Life Real Madrid 2004-05 in English football Blackpool New York Giants Portsmouth F.C. Steve McManaman Football records in England Rugby union Mythology Arsenal F.C. Tranmere Rovers F.C. Futebol Clube do Porto Cork City F.C. Geoff Hurst Chelsea F.C. New York Mets Football Leicester City F.C. Graeme Souness National Football League South Park England national football team Lee Dixon Jack Charlton Club Am__rica Stoke-on-Trent Blackburn Rovers F.C. Coventry City F.C. Donovan New York Yankees American football Toronto Maple Leafs Denis Law Los Angeles Kings Norway national football team Nickname Southport F.C. Peter Shilton 2003-04 in English football Charlton Athletic F.C. Bryan Robson Hamilton Academical F.C. Watford F.C. UEFA Champions League The Open Championship Chris Woods Toronto Argonauts Football in the United Kingdom Hurling Dallas Cowboys Irish mythology Scotland national rugby union team Tris Speaker Major League Baseball television contracts Sheffield United F.C. Essendon Football Club Scotland West Ham United F.C. Kyle Broflovski Aberdeen F.C. Billy Bremner Accrington Stanley F.C. Queens Park Rangers F.C. Preston North End F.C. American Football League Football culture Gordon Banks Liverpool Street station St. Louis Cardinals FC Barcelona 