name the only scot who has a won a world club cup medal no strachan dalglish ferguson souness jinky law ref or a linesman and it isna a trick question scott booth borussia dortmund v cruzeiro in was called the world club championship until then it was called the fifa club world cup also rusty brazilian teams are'nt the only ones to win it since the name changed fc porto won it in against once caldas from columbia on penalties Graeme Souness Celtic F.C. Futebol Clube do Porto Cruzeiro Esporte Clube Alex Ferguson Borussia Dortmund Borussia M__nchengladbach Sport Club Internacional Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Phil Thompson Liverpool F.C. Bundesliga (football) Kenny Dalglish FIFA Club World Championship Newcastle United F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Ronaldo Kevin Keegan Phil Neal Brazil national football team Rangers F.C. UEFA Champions League Westfalenstadion Lev Yashin Aberdeen F.C. Gordon Strachan England national football team Alan Hansen David Beckham Manchester United F.C. Gr__mio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense FIFA Southampton F.C. FC Barcelona Real Madrid Football World Cup 1974 Terry McDermott Manchester United 1986-1999 Ice hockey Clube Atl__tico Mineiro 2004-05 in English football Football World Cup Rivaldo Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras Football World Cup 1990 Rom__rio Norway national football team Lech Pozna__ Campeonato Mineiro Middlesbrough F.C. Everton F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht FA Cup Football World Cup 1950 Football World Cup 1978 Bryan Robson FC Girondins de Bordeaux Mexico national football team Alan Shearer October 2004 in sports Campeonato Brasileiro Walter Smith Dundee United F.C. Pel__ September 2004 in sports Coventry City F.C. UEFA Canadian Soccer Association Paul Ince Jack Charlton Football World Cup 1994 Dortmund Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Tommy Smith September 2005 in sports Football World Cup 2002 Germany national football team FC K__benhavn European/South American Cup February 2005 in sports Galatasaray Italy national football team Patrick Vieira Ian Callaghan Gianluca Vialli League Cup Football culture Scotland national football team Ta__a Brasil Diego Maradona Rugby union Portsmouth F.C. Roberto Baggio Zin__dine Zidane Playoff format Scotland national rugby union team Steve Staunton 