who would win a fight between cammy my mutant chameleon and gordon slightlystoutbob's ft gecko and what effect would it have on scottish football eddie c how do you come up with such answers what an imagination lots of good answers here glad to see people taking notice of this issue one or two points matty 'it was all a dream' is a very lazy literary tool i expected better of you charlie says close but no ceegar shelter who the fuks cammy ferguson wee shuggy god bless you but the points go to this question has long since been poured over in and around pubs and clubs all over the country it is obvious to anyone with experience in a chameleon gecko altercation that the winner would be the individual who having eaten their weetabix felt more anger yet held more resolute in nerve it would be an interesting fight and one that the whole of scotland will want to see indeed i am as we speak in contact with hbo in usa with a view to television rights the kickback into scottish football would benefit all clubs so the effects are astronomical in terms of cash injection add to that the raised profile for our game thanks in no small part to cammy and gordon then we can see a bright future for these two they fan the flames and inflame the fans Fallout (computer game) Alex Ferguson Aberdeen F.C. Rangers F.C. Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Manchester United F.C. Dundee United F.C. American Football League Calvin and Hobbes Newcastle United F.C. G-Man (Half-Life) Celtic F.C. Hibernian F.C. Predestination The Contender (television series) British Home Championship Leeds United F.C. Oakland Athletics EastEnders Altruism Big Brother (USA TV series) Arsenal F.C. Street Fighter (film) Ra (board game) Free will Scotland Street Fighter Alpha The nature of God in Western theology Tony Blair Old Firm Australian rules football Cammy White Football (soccer) Determinism The Football League Shen Gong Wu National Football League Steve McManaman Hollywood Squares Rei Ayanami Criticisms of Charismatic and Pentecostal belief Aston Villa F.C. Chelsea F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts Baroque chess Indianapolis 500 David Cooper (footballer) New York Giants Poker jargon Scotland national rugby union team Marvel vs. Capcom series Aberdeen Consciousness $ale of the Century Microeconomics A Canticle for Leibowitz Bill Maher Salary cap Homosexuality and Christianity History of rugby union November 2004 in sports Philosophy of mind The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Primary and Secondary Phases Ty Cobb New Orleans Saints Dundee F.C. Science fiction Rent (musical) Garth Brooks Queen of the South F.C. Theory of conduct Sport in the United Kingdom Alan Hansen Supernatural Drama Plame affair Abortion debate 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Norway national football team Inflation Hiberno-English Chuck Palahniuk Ethics Peter Shilton Simone Weil Swami Vivekananda Jean Grey Monty Python Abduction Phenomenon Hooliganism Gecko Winter Olympic Games Football in the United Kingdom Goodness and value theory Playoff Autism 