who's your teams best signing so far this season mine is scott brown celtic good choice dave ever thought off that angle ment to say never not ever i agree lf as scott brown looks he's been at celtic for years its great to see him blend so easily in and bring out the best in those around him his work rate will always endear him to the fans but the classy skill will show through thus benefitting celtic and scotland i also think cuellar of rangers has shown skill and courage he certainly will help them better themselves this season there's a long way to go but i fancy a wee bet on either of these two being player of the year come may Boston Celtics Celtic F.C. NBA Finals New York Knicks Los Angeles Clippers Aberdeen F.C. Philadelphia 76ers Indiana Pacers Houston Astros Mo Johnston Kenny Dalglish Dundee United F.C. Hibernian F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Alex Ferguson Chicago Bulls Everton F.C. Salary cap Scottish Cup Dick Advocaat David Cooper (footballer) Baltimore Orioles Mike Cuellar Graeme Souness Scottish Premier League Houston Rockets New York Rangers Raith Rovers F.C. Texas Rangers (baseball) Queens Park Rangers F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Scotland national rugby union team Boston Bruins Larry Bird New Jersey Nets New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets Major League Baseball television contracts Alex McLeish Cleveland Browns Alex Rodriguez Michael Jordan Elgin City F.C. Philadelphia Flyers Jock Stein Miami Dolphins Dundee F.C. 2004-05 NHL lockout 2005-06 in Scottish football Football in the United Kingdom Orlando Magic National Hockey League All-Star Game Diamond Pete Rose February 2005 in sports Pittsburgh Steelers Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim British Columbia Lions November 2004 in sports Detroit Red Wings Music of Scotland Jimmy Quinn Continental Basketball Association Poker jargon United Kingdom Celtic League (Rugby Union) Gordon Strachan Paul Wight British monarchy Newcastle United F.C. Los Angeles Kings St. Louis Blues (hockey) Jack Charlton Cork City F.C. Celt Satchel Paige Cincinnati Reds Detroit Tigers New York Giants Kevin Brown Oakland Athletics England Walter Smith Leeds United F.C. Florida Panthers Seattle Mariners Walter Scott Yao Ming San Antonio Spurs Robin Ventura Baltimore Ravens Betting (poker) Music of Ireland The Amazing Race Toronto Raptors Scott Hall Hurling San Diego Padres Tottenham Hotspur F.C. National Football League 