did anyone watch celtic v falkirk today and what did you think of celtic in the second half and who thinks tangerine seasider should stick his pic in his profile good morning siobhan i 've just got back from leicester after bagging our first three points of the season if you saw one of the questions i posted the other day it says i've now adopted three other teams one of them is your 'tims' by the way looks like the luck of the seaside has rubbed off onto the 'celts' after that mauling of falkirk i haven't seen any of the game yet but it sounded quite a convincing victory as for my pic in the profile you'll just have to wait it took me ages to work out how to adjust the avatar i've got this is the best i can do for now i'm the one six rows from the front just to the left of the furthest away goals as you are looking at it if that's any help http youtube com watch v jlszedmkncy personaly i would much prefer to see a pic of you in your avatar or at least something that resembles you go on be a devil you know you want to i will put one on when i know how to just for you mind so watch this space just keep the faith cos you have a tricky away day in moscow soon up the celts but up the tangerine army more don't forget to get a picture for your avatar my best wishes dave New York Giants New York Knicks Scottish Premier League Charmed Falkirk F.C. Boston Celtics Rugby union positions Curling Sydney Riot of 1879 GunBound Alex Ferguson Pittsburgh Steelers Cleveland Browns Rugby union Chicago Bulls Toronto Maple Leafs Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Celtic F.C. Cork City F.C. Shaggy dog story Paul Is Dead Leicester City F.C. Blonde on Blonde San Francisco 49ers New England Patriots Avatar (virtual reality) NBA Finals Rangers F.C. New York Rangers Celt Torquay United F.C. Theory of conduct National Football League Lore Raith Rovers F.C. Steve Nash Music of Galicia, Cantabria and Asturias 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Kenny Dalglish Cigarette Smoking Man Cyberspace Cincinnati Bengals Philadelphia 76ers San Francisco Giants Time Out of Mind Crystal Palace F.C. Buddhism Tacitus Dundee United F.C. Marching band Nute Gunray 2005 World Series Ocean's Twelve Blackburn Rovers F.C. Chess strategy and tactics Stanley Cup HyperText Transfer Protocol Oakland Athletics Battle of Falkirk (1298) Neopets The Joker's Wild 1957 World Series Game show Leo Wyatt Major League Baseball television contracts Animal Crossing Detroit Red Wings Gordon Banks Babylon 5 Toronto Blue Jays Los Angeles Kings I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Hibernian F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Reservoir Dogs Mo Johnston Milton H. Erickson Night (book) West Indian cricket team Peter Shilton Harry Redknapp American football Boston Bruins Newcastle United F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Super Bowl Blood on the Tracks Sheffield United F.C. Derren Brown Futurama (TV series - season 5) F.C. United of Manchester Hurling Third English Civil War Gaia Online Good Morning, Vietnam Los Angeles Clippers Jack Charlton Philadelphia Flyers Trigonometric function Jon Secada Miracle on Ice 