has anyone subscribed to watch online football is it worth it you can use one of the peer to peer websites i know that they work well and watched a lot of football with it last season if you go to the website www myp p eu there should be a step by step guide as to how it works if you decide to go for it you need to choose a programme to download i used tvants and so far it hasn't failed about a min delay and a few mins to buffer at the start sometimes dodgy foreign commentary but very watchable if you have a decent enough connection almost any match you want is available premiership serie a la liga bundesliga asian football etc loads and it's free Bundesliga (football) FA Premier League BitTorrent Football (soccer) Real Madrid Ali Daei Alex Ferguson La Liga Major League Soccer Chelsea F.C. The Standard BBC Xbox Maccabi Haifa F.C. Norway national football team National Football League Aston Villa F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. David Beckham Web crawler Cork City F.C. Differentiated services Crystal Palace F.C. Bayer Leverkusen Sky Sports MDAC FC Barcelona Skype Extreme Programming West Bromwich Albion F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Frank Lampard FC Schalke 04 2004-05 in English football Wimbledon F.C. Nintendo Website Ultima Online Internet Ethernet Australian rules football F.C. United of Manchester Forth programming language Fitzroy Football Club America Online Playoff Portsmouth F.C. Alan Shearer Halo 2 Fulham F.C. Australian Football League File sharing Getafe CF Academic publishing Primera Divisi__n Argentina Leicester City F.C. Denis Law Rangers F.C. Championship Manager World Wide Web Football World Cup Dance Dance Revolution ULTRAMIX 2 Football Manager Football culture Canadian football West Ham United F.C. DeviantART Bryan Robson Major League Baseball television contracts STS-61 Manchester United F.C. Football in Sweden Ipswich Town F.C. New York Giants Politics of Hong Kong Blackburn Rovers F.C. Torquay United F.C. Kazaa AFC Wimbledon South Australian National Football League TiVo 2005-06 in English football EastEnders British House of Commons Coupling (railway) American football Oxford English Dictionary Dance Dance Revolution ULTRAMIX Windows XP Essendon Football Club FA Cup FA Premier League 2004-05 Commodore 64 Kevin Keegan Chess Everton F.C. Neville Chamberlain Telephone exchange April 2005 in sports 