rangers better than celtic this season when the season ends then we will know the answer to this question all the projection of thought cannot give you the winner its all speculation and conjecture however as a rangers fan i feel we will be closer than in the previous seasons but nothing has been won yet so lets wait and see oh and lets dump the political religious songs in favour of good rangers songs which inspire the troops to greater things Rangers F.C. Celtic F.C. New York Rangers Alex Ferguson Power Rangers The Apprentice 2 Nottingham Forest F.C. Jeopardy! New York Knicks Boston Bruins Texas Rangers (baseball) The Ashlee Simpson Show Aberdeen F.C. Jennifer Lopez Elgin City F.C. Queens Park Rangers F.C. Forever Red Philadelphia 76ers Andr__s Galarraga Scottish Cup Big Brother (USA TV series) Babylon 5 National Hockey League All-Star Game Star Trek: Enterprise Forfar Athletic F.C. Graeme Souness San Diego Padres A Course In Miracles David Cooper (footballer) NBA Finals Florida Marlins 2004-05 in Scottish football Detroit Tigers Hollywood Squares Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown) Dundee United F.C. FA Cup Houston Astros Mario Lemieux Motherwell F.C. 2005-06 in Scottish football Time Out of Mind Overtime (ice hockey) 2004-05 NHL lockout Nolan Ryan National Hockey League Poker jargon Nine Inch Nails Stanley Cup Toronto Blue Jays Kevin Smith Tranmere Rovers F.C. Detroit Red Wings Origin belief Alex Rodriguez Wayne Gretzky Coventry City F.C. U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 West Bromwich Albion F.C. Red Sox Nation Football in the United Kingdom Ted Williams Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Hibernian F.C. National Hockey League rivalries Family Feud Mo Johnston Futurama (TV series - season 2) Toronto Maple Leafs Chelsea F.C. Kenny Dalglish Reggie Jackson Notts County F.C. Atomism Halting problem Friends R.S.C. Anderlecht Past teachings of Prem Rawat Philadelphia Flyers Paul Levesque New York Giants Serial Alex McLeish Brian Close Gary Stevens Shadow the Hedgehog Carolina Panthers Mighty Morphin Power Rangers New York Americans 1978-79 NHL season Remote Control (game show) November 2004 in sports Pok__mon (anime) The Amazing Race U.S. Army Rangers Mathematics 2005 World Series Newcastle United F.C. 