hibernian play best football in scotland mite not win the leagues but i think they play the best entertaining game for me falkirk play better football Hibernian F.C. Falkirk F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Scottish Premier League 2005-06 in Scottish football Dundee United F.C. 2004-05 in Scottish football Scottish Cup Rangers F.C. Celtic F.C. East of Scotland Football League Bobby Williamson Scottish Football League Jock Stein Hamilton Academical F.C. British Home Championship Local derby Motherwell F.C. The Football League Australian Football League Heart of Midlothian F.C. Raith Rovers F.C. Rugby union Queen of the South F.C. Aberdeen F.C. Football (soccer) Dundee F.C. Stanley Matthews American football Scottish Junior Football Association Gaelic football Football records in England Football National Football League Brian Talbot Canadian Football League England national football team Hooliganism American Football League Australian rules football United States Football League Cork City F.C. Alex Ferguson Football in Scotland History of rugby union Kilmarnock F.C. Falkirk Women's football (soccer) Ally McLeod Plymouth Argyle F.C. J. League Scotland Bundesliga (football) Newcastle United F.C. Arena football FA Cup Canada national rugby union team League Cup Canadian football Alex McLeish FA Premier League David Cooper (footballer) Monday Night Football Edinburgh Football in Sweden Kansas City Chiefs Playoff Billy Bremner Rugby league Rugby football Super Bowl Kenny Dalglish College football Football World Cup 1990 Stockport County F.C. Arena Football League Queen's Park F.C. Highland Football League Carlton Football Club Scotland national rugby union team Craig Brown (football) Fitzroy Football Club Scotland national football team Denis Law International rules football George Burley Wrexham A.F.C. Jack Charlton Bud Adams Leicester City F.C. Peter Shilton Norway national football team Richmond Football Club Atlantic Coast Conference FA Community Shield East Stirlingshire F.C. National pastime Chris Waddle Queensland Rugby League Hawthorn Football Club 