rangers sectarian singing any thoughts first of all i agree that alot of the songs which are sung away from ibrox and celtic park should be banned however looking at the words of the sash and derry walls this is a celebration song and doesnt even mention the word fenian or catholic it mentions rebel but hey so what also my fellow gers colleagues complain about the soldier song this is not sectarian either as it is the republic of irelands national anthem and celtic origins are from there so really the last line sums it up i believe celtic and rangers fans follow the tradition of two seperate countries and celebrate it by singing and parades aoh and orange order parades i really think that there is too much focus on this from uefa and sfa there is more in the world to worry about by the way who cares about celtic players blessing themselves big deal now i realize that not all rangers fans are vicious bigots thanks geeboy p s i'm a celtic fan Celtic F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Orange Order Elgin City F.C. Scottish Cup Ibrox Stadium Irish Republicanism Football culture Football chant Religious rivalry in Glasgow Saint Patrick's Day Battle of the Boyne Celtic Christianity David Cooper (footballer) God Save the Queen Roman Catholic Church Apprentice Boys of Derry Ulster The Waterboys Amhr__n na bhFiann Sport in the United Kingdom Scotland Major football rivalries History of Ireland UEFA Champions League Cork City F.C. 2005-06 in Scottish football Provisional Irish Republican Army Northern Ireland peace process Ancient Order of Hibernians Newcastle United F.C. Dundee United F.C. Hasidic Judaism Glasgow The Wall Alex Ferguson Northern Ireland Walter Smith Forfar Athletic F.C. Roads in Ireland Disneyland Brittany Unionists (Scotland) Mo Johnston Hibernian F.C. Derry History of Northern Ireland Fenian raids The Doors Belfast Ireland Christianization South Park The Ashlee Simpson Show Troubles Sinn F__in Partition of India Power Rangers: SPD Holiday Donovan Royal Irish Constabulary Fiddler on the Roof History of the United Kingdom Pok__mon (anime) Irish rebel music Ally McLeod Hey Jude Therion (band) Nineteen Eighty-Four Kilt Culture of Northern Ireland Celtic music in Canada Halloween Music of Brittany Delta Goodrem Sectarianism National Day Parade Super Furry Animals Republic of Ireland Raith Rovers F.C. Leeds United F.C. Football in Scotland Sport in Ireland Jerusalem Celtic languages Music of Spain Berwick Rangers F.C. Football League of Ireland Queens Park Rangers F.C. Fight song Culture of Lithuania Purim Drumcree Church Garth Brooks Detroit Tigers Bagpipes Sport in Glasgow The Star Wars Holiday Special 