stanley matthews soccer help what clubs he played for what national team he played for awards championships he won years played professionally stoke city blackpool stoke city england blackpool fa cup winner lancashire cup european footballer of the year stoke city second spell football league second division championship post retirement fifa gold medal order Stoke City F.C. Blackpool F.C. Football (soccer) FIFA The Football League Stanley Matthews Football World Cup Preston North End F.C. Lev Yashin Football in the United Kingdom Rugby union Playoff format Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Norway national football team Football in England England national football team UEFA Major League Soccer FA Premier League Football World Cup 1990 League Cup Gordon Banks Ice Hockey World Championships Sports timeline Manchester City F.C. Hyde United F.C. Women's football (soccer) UEFA Champions League Zin__dine Zidane 2002-03 in English football Stanley Cup Canadian Soccer Association European/South American Cup Football in Sweden Primera Divisi__n de M__xico IFK G__teborg Notts County F.C. Football records in England West Bromwich Albion F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Manchester United F.C. Jupiler League West Ham United F.C. Cork City F.C. Lee Dixon Bryan Robson Diego Maradona FIFA Club World Championship History of rugby union Jack Charlton Germany national football team May 2005 in sports Futebol Clube do Porto Pel__ British Home Championship Coventry City F.C. Peter Shilton Stockport County F.C. Football at the Summer Olympics Aberdeen F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Newcastle United F.C. Sport in the United Kingdom Gerd M__ller Wrexham A.F.C. Southampton F.C. April 2005 in sports Turkish Football Federation Sunderland A.F.C. Mia Hamm National Football League Canadian Football League Nottingham Forest F.C. Football World Cup 2002 United States men's national soccer team Brazil national football team Gabriel Batistuta Football Chelsea F.C. National Hockey League Chris Woods Crystal Palace F.C. Accrington Stanley F.C. 2004-05 in English football Arsenal F.C. Billy Bremner Hastings United FC History of rugby league 