why do you say is the best every one think his favourit team is the best ever to play in europe but none prove that so can you prove that the team you support it's really the best soccer demon i like your answer and you seam to be right but you are not entirely i love ac milan for a long long time and i think is the best team in europe and because of soccer demon i'll make a comparison between barcelona and milan maybe i'm wrong who knows domestic competition home championship titles barca milan thumb up for barca milan lost title lately and we all know why cup winners barca milan no comment here supercup barca milan still one point for barca so far barca seams to be the best by far international competition uefa champions league former european cup barca milan hmmm big difference uefa cup winners cup barca ac milan tied score here european super cup barca milan not that relevant because the super cup is off season so teams are playing more or less world club championship former intercontinental cup barca milan still not so relevant 'cause europe has the best football i will not count the rest of the trophies 'cause they are insignificant both for barca and for milan so this is how i see it barcelona won indeed more domestic titles than milan but on the european level milan is by far better both la liga and serie a are strong championships lots of competitive team but still in europe are gattering the best team from all the contries especially in champions league and to be the best is much more demanding that at home just because you have to face so many diferent kinds of playing interesting records speak for milan milan hold the unique record of having gone a whole season without losing a game during the season in total that unbeaten streak lasted games starting with a draw with parma on may and ironically ending with a loss at home to parma on march this unbeaten streak is a serie a record and is the rd longest unbeaten run in top flight european football behind steaua bucharest record of games unbeaten and glasgow celtic who went games unbeaten have a great week end FA Cup Cork City F.C. Real Madrid Futebol Clube do Porto The Football League FC Steaua Bucure__ti R.S.C. Anderlecht FC Barcelona October 2004 in sports Football (soccer) Playoff Chelsea F.C. 2005 English cricket season Rangers F.C. September 2004 in sports 2004-05 in English football Maccabi Haifa F.C. IFK G__teborg Playoff format Andriy Shevchenko April 2005 in sports British Home Championship Everton F.C. Troms__ I.L. Newcastle United F.C. August 2005 in sports FA Premier League Ronaldo European/South American Cup Primera Divisi__n Argentina UEFA Cup Football in the United Kingdom May 2005 in sports Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. World Series Manchester United F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 David Beckham Roger Federer Football World Cup Norway national football team Rugby union Bryan Robson History of Arsenal F.C. European Super Cup Shelbourne F.C. Football in England Football records in England Football World Cup 1990 Arsenal F.C. Marco van Basten New York Giants Juventus F.C. March 2005 in sports Serie A Bowl Championship Series Notts County F.C. Jari Litmanen Hern__n Crespo September 2005 in sports International League Italy national football team Dundee United F.C. Gabriel Batistuta NBA Finals David Cooper (footballer) Kevin Keegan Germany national football team West Bromwich Albion F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Michael Owen Billy Bremner FA Premier League 1995-96 Manchester United 1986-1999 Japan national rugby union team Steve McManaman Teddy Sheringham Huddersfield Giants St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Football in Sweden National Football League Crystal Palace F.C. 