greatest team that ever played in champions league i got no doubt that it is ac milan simply because if you look back you'll see that they were in the upper stages almost every time even if they didn't play well and you said greatest not the best meaning that not statistics count here that's how i see it but what they showed over the years UEFA Champions League Ali Daei Major League Baseball Internazionale Troms__ I.L. IFK G__teborg All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Super Bowl League Cup Pittsburgh Steelers Wayne Gretzky European/South American Cup National Hockey League Mario Lemieux Football (soccer) National Football League Rickey Henderson Baseball statistics Gabriel Batistuta Ted Radcliffe Aston Villa F.C. Bundesliga (football) Portsmouth F.C. NBA Finals Serie A UEFA Cup Newcastle United F.C. Ronaldo Patrick Kluivert Juventus F.C. Football in England 1957 World Series UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Hank Aaron Primera Divisi__n Argentina Indiana Pacers Lou Gehrig Billy Bremner Roger Federer Liverpool F.C. Football World Cup 1990 The Football League Gordon Banks Andriy Shevchenko Norway national football team Boston Bruins Campeonato Brasileiro FC Rostov Futebol Clube do Porto Baseball Batting average Rocky Marciano Ultimate (sport) FA Cup Marco van Basten Kansas City Chiefs Ontario Hockey League Playoff Olympique de Marseille Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Alex Ferguson Celtic F.C. 2003-04 in Portuguese football Farnborough Town F.C. American Football League Milan Baro__ Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns 2005 English cricket season National Basketball Association Everton F.C. Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. The Ashes Designated hitter Super Bowl XIII Major League Soccer Steven Gerrard Notts County F.C. Randy Savage Softball Babe Ruth Leon White Phil Rizzuto February 2005 in sports Club Am__rica Western Australian Football League Denis Law Cristiano Ronaldo Alpha Ethniki Paolo Maldini RC Strasbourg British Home Championship S.League Euroleague Rugby league Stolen base Cruzeiro Esporte Clube F.K. Bod__/Glimt Mike Piazza 