were you drunker on st patrick's day or new years saint patty's day for sure i live in the most irish city in america south boston Saint Patrick's Day Irish American Irish diaspora South Boston, Massachusetts Saint Patrick Flag of Ireland South Side Irish Irish calendar Leap year St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Order of St Patrick Tipperary Hill Clan na Gael Patti LaBelle The Boondock Saints Church of Ireland Van Morrison Patty Murray Saint Patrick's Battalion St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin Druid Krusty Krab Calendar of saints The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador Brigid of Ireland Pattie Boyd Niall of the Nine Hostages North America St Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne British Isles Palladius Opie and Anthony Squidward Tentacles Irish Guards Downpatrick Ireland national rugby league team St. Raphael's Cathedral (Dubuque) Lord Lieutenant of Ireland Holiday John de Courcy Irish Quebecers Italian American Dublin Cork Hurling St. Patrick's Basilica (Montreal) Ireland Thomas D'Arcy McGee Midsummer Irish dance Irish Canadian MBTA buses in South Boston St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral Grammy Awards of 1987 Montreal New York Rangers SpongeBob SquarePants Boston, Massachusetts Brendan Crescent College Presidential Inauguration (Ireland) Caribbean Patrick Pearse Patrick Hillery Stanley Cup Irish (UK) general election, 1918 Football World Cup 2006 (qualification CONCACAF) Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. Edward VIII of the United Kingdom Irish mythology Latter Day Saint movement St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York Kilkenny Cambridge, Massachusetts Newry Patti Page Samuel Gridley Howe Weezer Patty Maloney Boston College Athletics British honours system Dublin, California Greater Boston The Late Late Show William Patrick Hitler John Cardinal Cody Atlantic Coast Conference Bertie Ahern Transport Workers Union of America U.S. Highway 20 Shamrock U.S. Highway 1 Northeastern United States Irish Republican Brotherhood Bank Holiday National holiday Boston University John Cardinal O'Connor Holy Day of Obligation 