which is the best nba team jordans 's bulls magics 's lakers shaqs 's lakers duncans 's spurs birds 's celtics red's russel's 's celtics sorry i had to re write my answer because i thought about it the 's lakers who i picked second will now be first why their starting are all hall of famers all but years in the decade of the lakers played in the nba finals they won titles in times of being in the finals losing to only boston and philly the bulls i had first because they won titles and had a win season but their team as a whole were not all hall of famers the 's lakers were good but not the best team i won't even talk about the spurs the league is so watered down right now with new rules and so so players they are the only team that plays fundamental hard nose basketball it's like high school kids playing th graders New York Knicks Playoff Indiana Pacers National Basketball Association Mario Lemieux Los Angeles Kings Toronto Raptors Chicago Blackhawks Norway national football team Utah Jazz Playoff format Philadelphia 76ers Chicago Bulls Boston Bruins Seattle Mariners Cleveland Browns NBA Finals Miami Dolphins Atlanta Hawks Buffalo Bills Wayne Gretzky Major League Baseball Houston Rockets Pittsburgh Steelers West Bromwich Albion F.C. 2003-04 NHL season New England Patriots Steve Nash Chinese Basketball Association St. Louis Blues (hockey) Houston Astros Edmonton Oilers New York Jets San Antonio Spurs NFL playoffs Atlanta Flames New York Rangers Qu__bec Nordiques Philadelphia Flyers National Football League Football World Cup Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim January 2005 in sports Chicago Cubs Los Angeles Dodgers Washington Capitals 2005 World Series Montreal Canadiens Boston Red Sox Crystal Palace F.C. Everton F.C. Wild card Hartford Whalers 2002-03 NHL season San Francisco Giants Oakland Athletics International League Blackburn Rovers F.C. National Football League Lore Cincinnati Bengals Toronto Blue Jays Robin Ventura New York Giants Bowl Championship Series St. Louis Cardinals St. Louis Rams National Hockey League rivalries Alex Rodriguez Minnesota Timberwolves Tennessee Titans Dream Team Ice Hockey World Championships December 2004 in sports New York Islanders Joe Gibbs World Series 2004-05 NHL lockout England national football team R.S.C. Anderlecht San Francisco 49ers Super Bowl X Nottingham Forest F.C. 2004 NBA Finals Sheffield United F.C. 1987-88 NHL season Ottawa Senators Orlando Magic Ipswich Town F.C. Cris Carter Super Bowl XXXVI Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Detroit Red Wings Oakland Raiders Toronto Maple Leafs Home team Carolina Panthers Vancouver Canucks Vince Carter 