Recognition of peptides that are immunopathogenic but cryptic. Mechanisms that allow lymphocytes sensitized against cryptic peptides to initiate pathogenic autoimmune processes.
 Interphotoreceptor retinoid binding protein (IRBP) is a glycoprotein that localizes in the retina and induces inflammatory changes in this tissue in immunized animals.
 Certain IRBP-derived peptide determinants are also immunopathogenic, and we have previously shown that these determinants could be either immunodominant or cryptic.
 Lymphocytes sensitized against the cryptic peptides do not recognize whole IRBP in vitro, and yet these lymphocytes must recognize the protein in vivo to initiate the autoimmune pathogenic process.
 We have examined here two hypothetical explanations for this dissociation: 1) It is possible that when IRBP is processed in vitro, immunodominant peptide determinants compete with the cryptic ones and inhibit their interaction with the MHC molecules on the APC.
 This explanation was ruled out here by the finding that the immunodominant peptide 1179-1191 ("W10") did not inhibit the response to a cryptic one, 1158-1180 ("R4"), when added at equivalent and even moderately higher concentrations.
 2) The second hypothesis proposes that the cryptic antigenic sites are not generated from IRBP by the APC in vitro, whereas enzymes in the retina digest the protein to yield fragments that generate these antigenic sites upon processing by the APC.
 In line with this hypothesis, we have found that cleavage of IRBP by certain endoproteinases (Asp-N, Glu-C, or V-8) produced molecules that were recognized in culture by lymphocytes sensitized to the immunopathogenic but cryptic peptide R4.
 This study, therefore, describes a putative Ag processing mechanism that results in IRBP recognition and, consequently, the initiation of an autoimmune process by lymphocytes sensitized against a cryptic peptide.
 Furthermore, experiments with R4 and other cryptic peptides have shown that cleavage fragments of up to 38 residues in length can be presented by APC, to stimulate lymphocytes sensitized against these peptides.
 No responses were stimulated, however, by fragments of 75 or more residues.
 The data thus provide new insights into the processing and presentation of cryptic peptide determinants by APC.
