Control of airway caliber by autonomic nerves in asthma and in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 Autonomic nerves can influence airway caliber via their effects on airway smooth muscle, bronchial vessels, and mucous glands and may therefore contribute to airway narrowing in asthma or in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
 Human lungs receive cholinergic, noradrenergic, and peptidergic efferents and several types of afferents.
 Cholinergic nerve activity contributes to airway narrowing both in asthma and in COPD.
 Reflex vagal activity may be enhanced because of epithelial damage and exposition of sensory nerve endings to nonspecific irritants.
 Other possible mechanisms include defects in prejunctional receptors that inhibit acetylcholine release, several postjunctional factors that nonspecifically enhance the effect of a given degree of cholinergic muscle contraction on airway caliber, and interactions between inflammatory mediators and the cholinergic system.
 The main direct bronchodilating nerve activity in human lungs is nonadrenergic, and scanty data suggest that nonadrenergic inhibitory nerve activity may be variably reduced in asthmatics.
 Human airway muscle virtually lacks adrenergic innervation, but adrenergic nerves may influence airway caliber by acting on bronchial vessels, mucous glands, and parasympathetic nerves and ganglia.
 The response of asthmatic airways to beta-agonists seems intrinsically normal, but it may be reduced during severe asthma attacks.
 There are no convincing data that abnormal adrenergic control is present in the airways of patients with COPD.
 The physiologic relevance of excitatory neuropeptides in sensory nerves in human airways is uncertain.
 Tachykinins have proinflammatory and spasmogenic properties and are therefore of potential interest as a factor in the pathogenesis of obstructive airway disease.
 In conclusion, the data presently available support an abnormal autonomic control of the airways in asthma but not in COPD.
