Antibiotic choices in surgical intensive care unit patients.
 Antibiotics have dramatically changed the care of the critically ill patient over the last 60 years.
 Patients with complex physiological conditions present with infectious processes requiring the effective use of antimicrobial drugs.
 In many situations, the inability to eradicate the infectious process is complicated by the progressive development of resistance among the causative organisms.
 Systemic antibiotic prophylaxis is warranted only for the prevention of wound infections.
 Regimens in these cases should use large doses of nontoxic antibiotics covering the spectrum of organisms likely to contaminate the wound.
 The duration of wound prophylaxis should be short, essentially covering only the period of active wound closure; this is usually less than 24 hours.
 Prevention of most other infections in the ICU depends on the recognition and correction of the various disturbances of host defenses.
 Topical antibiotic therapy may reduce the level of colonization for a few specific types of infection.
 Initial empiric antibiotic therapy should be started for clear indications.
 The antibiotics chosen should be those most likely to be effective against the probable organisms, those which have the lowest toxicity, and those with the smallest likelihood of inducing multiresistance.
 They must be adjusted promptly based on the microbiologic sensitivities observed.
 The realization that the physiology of critical illness may alter the normal relations between drug dosages and the tissue antibiotic levels obtained mandates a different approach to the treatment of these patients.
 The drug volumes of distribution are generally markedly expanded in these patients.
 Furthermore, these patients require high tissue antibiotic concentrations to improve the chances for successful therapy.
 Thus, the antibiotics selected must be capable of providing these levels without significant toxicity to the host.
 Therapy should be continued based on the clinical response observed.
 Premature cessation of effective therapy often results in relapse.
