Recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor improves the compromised state of recipient mice without affecting the induction of specific tolerance in the cyclophosphamide-induced tolerance system.
 The effects of recombinant human granulocyte CSF (rhG-CSF) on cyclophosphamide (CP)-induced tolerance was studied.
 In the recipient C57BL/10 Sn Slc (B10) mice given 1 x 10(8) B10.BR Sg Sn Slc (B10.BR) spleen cells (SC) on day -2 followed by 200 mg/kg CP on day 0, the number of leukocytes and neutrophils in the periphery declined to their minimum levels on day 4.
 When rhG-CSF in a dose of 200 micrograms/kg was given daily for 5 days to the B10 mice, which had been treated with B10.BR SC and CP, starting one day after the administration of CP, the leukocyte and neutrophil counts declined to the same levels as those in the B10 mice treated with B10.BR SC and CP alone on day 2.
 On day 4, however, the counts recovered to their normal levels.
 The nucleated cell count of the spleen in the B10 mice given B10.BR SC and CP followed by rhG-CSF decreased less and recovered faster than that in the B10 mice given B10.BR SC and CP.
 The case was found to be the same in bone marrow, and the difference did not reach statistical significance.
 When the recipient mice were inoculated i.p.
 with 4 x 10(4) Pseudomonas aeruginosa (GNB-139) on day 4, the survival of the B10 mice treated with B10.BR SC and CP was markedly improved by rhG-CSF administration.
 The administration of rhG-CSF did not affect either the prolongation or the specificity of skin allograft survival, as shown in an H-2 mis-matched combination of B10.BR----B10 and in an H-2 identical combination of AKR/J Sea(AKR)----C3H/HeN Crj (C3H).
 The tolerant state, which was demonstrated by various immune responses, such as CTL, delayed footpad reaction, and antibody, was also not affected by rhG-CSF.
 Furthermore, the basic mechanisms for inducing a long-lasting skin allograft tolerance in this system--namely, the specific destruction of Ag-stimulated and then proliferating mature T cells in the periphery, the establishment of mixed chimerism, and the intrathymic clonal deletion of immature T cells--were preserved even when rhG-CSF was given to C3H mice previously made tolerant of AKR.
