Comparison of the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group and American Joint Committee on Cancer staging systems among patients with non-small cell lung cancer receiving hyperfractionated radiation therapy. A report of the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group protocol 83-11.
 Since 1973, the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) has staged and stratified patients in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) protocols according to the RTOG staging system.
 In 1985, the American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) revised its lung cancer staging system, with the principle differences from the RTOG system being the staging of involvement of the chest wall and of contralateral mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes.
 To determine if the AJCC system discriminated outcome differently than the RTOG system in a nonoperative series, all 850 evaluable patients treated with hyperfractionated radiation therapy (RT) on the RTOG protocol 83-11 were restaged by the AJCC system.
 There was 67% agreement in patient distribution between the following comparable stages in each system: RTOG Stage II/AJCC Stage II; RTOG Stage III/AJCC Stage IIIA; and RTOG Stage IV/AJCC Stage IIIB.
 Both systems successfully predicted for survival (P less than 0.001), although the RTOG staging was more discriminating (relative risk ratios, 1.59 versus 1.38).
 Among the 507 favorable patients (those with less than or equal to 5% weight loss and Karnofsky performance status [KPS] of 70 to 100), the RTOG staging was also more predictive (P = 0.004 versus P = 0.01).
 When RTOG Stage III (462 patients) was divided into those without contralateral mediastinal or hilar adenopathy (AJCC Stage II/IIIA) and those with (AJCC Stage IIIB), a significant survival (P = 0.0001) was noted with 2-year survival rates of 26% versus 4%, respectively.
 When AJCC Stage IIIA (348 patients) was divided into the patients without chest wall invasion (RTOG Stage II/III) and those with (RTOG Stage IV), a difference in 2-year survival of 22% versus 10% was observed (P = 0.002).
 Although both staging systems independently predict for survival, a fusion of both staging systems is the most discriminating of outcome.
 Future nonoperative studies in locally advanced NSCLC should stratify for contralateral nodal involvement (per AJCC staging) and chest wall invasion (per RTOG staging).
