Intensive weekly chemotherapy for the treatment of extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer.
 The regimen of cisplatin, vincristine, doxorubicin, and etoposide (CODE) was designed to double the dose intensity of these drugs in comparison with a standard regimen (alternating cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and vincristine [CAV] and etoposide-cisplatin [EP]) for extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer (SCLC).
 The dose intensity was increased by more frequent treatments rather than by increasing the dose size.
 The structure of this outpatient protocol includes weekly administration of chemotherapy, alternation of myelosuppressive and nonmyelosuppressive treatments, supportive corticosteroids, gastroprotective agents, and prophylactic antibiotics.
 Although the duration of chemotherapy was brief (9 to 12 weeks), the total cumulative doses of drugs delivered were similar to the standard regimen.
 Patients with no residual disease outside the chest after chemotherapy received thoracic irradiation, and patients with complete responses (CRs) received prophylactic cranial irradiation.
 Eligible extensive-stage SCLC patients were ambulatory, younger than 66 years of age, and free of brain metastasis.
 Forty-eight extensive-stage SCLC patients were treated.
 Forty-five (94%) responded to chemotherapy, with 19 (40%) attaining CR.
 After consolidative thoracic irradiation, the CR rate was 56%.
 The median time to progression was 43 weeks, and the median survival was 61 weeks.
 The 2-year survival rate was 30%.
 The most common site of first relapse was brain (38%).
 Although two patients (4%) died of toxicity, overall toxicity was acceptable for an outpatient regimen.
 We conclude that the CODE regimen reliably produces palliative remissions for selected extensive-stage SCLC patients, and it may be associated with durable remissions for some patients.
 The results of this pilot study are sufficiently promising to justify a phase III trial of CODE versus standard (alternating CAV and EP) chemotherapy.
