Trichophyton tonsurans allergen. I. Characterization of a protein that causes immediate but not delayed hypersensitivity.
 Fungal infections of skin or nails are extremely common and often caused by dermatophyte fungi of the genus Trichophyton.
 These fungi are unusual in that they can give rise to delayed hypersensitivity (DH) or immediate hypersensitivity (IH) responses.
 Recently, IH to Trichophyton tonsurans has been demonstrated in patients by skin tests, serum IgE antibody test (RAST), and positive nasal and bronchial challenges.
 To further investigate the immunology of Trichophyton, a 30-kDa T.
 tonsurans allergen was isolated by gel filtration and hydrophobic interaction chromatography.
 This protein, Tri t I, gave a single band on SDS-PAGE, and the 30 amino-terminal amino acids have been determined.
 Among patients with positive IH skin tests, 34 of 48 (71%) had IgG antibody and 26 of 48 (54%) had IgE antibody to Tri t I.
 Among those who had positive responses to both skin tests and RAST, 22 of 30 (73%) had IgE antibodies to Tri t I; thus, this protein represents a major allergen.
 Twelve clones of murine IgG mAb antibodies were produced.
 Two clones, 2F2-F7 and 6B11-C2, were found to define separate epitopes on Tri t I and were used to develop an immunometric assay for the quantitation of Tri t I.
 Twenty-three of 38 volunteers with a history of athlete's foot were found to have either IH and/or DH to Trichophyton mix and underwent further testing with purified Tri t I.
 Of the nine found to have IH to the mix, eight were sensitive to Tri t I.
 Seven of these eight had IgG and IgE antibodies to Tri t I, by Ag-binding RIA, and all were RAST positive to the unpurified extract.
 An additional 14 had either DH alone (n = 7) or a wheal and flare response followed by DH at 48 h (n = 7).
 Of these 14 who had DH responses to Trichophyton mix, only one showed DH to an equivalent quantity of purified Tri t I; among this group, none showed IH or serum IgE antibodies and only one had detectable IgG antibody to Tri t I.
 The results suggest that the majority of subjects with DH to Trichophyton are responding to a protein other than Tri t I and that the wheal that precedes DH reactions is some patients is not associated with IgE antibodies.
