what is your most frightening experience re election of bush U.S. presidential election, 1992 U.S. presidential election, 1988 George H. W. Bush The Fall (band) Dan Quayle Bush family Tony Blair George W. Bush U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Jeb Bush Ohio U.S. presidential election, 2004 U.S. presidential election, 2000 Bill Frist Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse Supernatural President of the United States Out-of-body experience U.S. presidential election Bush v. Gore Ted Kennedy Jean Schmidt Republican Party (United States) I'm Famous and Frightened! September 11 researchers Bob Dole Vice President of the United States Color revolution Jean Chr__tien Kate Bush Red state vs. blue state divide Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Ralph E. Reed, Jr. Jim McGreevey George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Elizabeth Dole John Edwards Moss v. Bush Lincoln Chafee U.S. presidential election, 1980 U.S. Senate election, 2004 Michael Dukakis 2004 Republican National Convention Mel Martinez Federal Marriage Amendment Rob Portman Harriet Miers U.S. Senate election, 2006 U.S. presidential election debates Democratic Party (United States) Martin J. O'Malley Ralph Nader Read my lips: no new taxes George Pataki John McCain U.S. Electoral College Olympia Snowe Al Gore Dick Cheney Mike DeWine Bill Clinton Ann Richards Bob McEwen George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2000 Jacob's Ladder (film) Condoleezza Rice New Hampshire primary Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution Politics of Texas Harry Reid October surprise John Quincy Adams U.S. presidential election, 2008 Anxiety Log Cabin Republicans Frankenstein's monster Ken Blackwell Carolyn Parrish Joe Clark Bob Brown The Secret of NIMH The Frighteners John Engler Canadian federal election, 2004 John Ashcroft 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Florida Spoiler effect USS Bush (DD-529) Michael Moore Downing Street memo Hart's Location, New Hampshire Jesse Jackson Iowa caucus Prediction market Dixville Notch, New Hampshire Availability heuristic Katherine Harris Ben Nelson Direct democracy 