how do i make my hopes and dreams a reality i want to be happy i want to own my own house and have a huge yard for my son to play in i want to be able to save money and not spend it and give my son everything that i didn't have growing up how can i do this it doesn't have to be at this very second but i want to be able to do it within the next yrs or so when my credit is better please don't tell me to get a job because i already know that would be the first step to take always strive for it never give up even if things are going badly maybe for a start try to stop buying things now stuff like extra entertainment stop buying things you don't really need that you just want then start puting money into a bank account for yearly interest if the job you have isn't a good payer try to find better one but don't tell anyone about it or quit your job until you know you have a better one so you don't quit or get fired and not get another job if you have a husband ask him to do the same thing and or do two jobs Knots Landing Shaggy dog story Pitaten Grandview, U.S.A. Gross domestic product Badly Drawn Kitties Friends Money Money supply Outsourcing Social rule EastEnders Poker jargon Rich Mullins Theory of conduct Internet fraud Capital accumulation James T. Aubrey, Jr. The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Phoebe Halliwell The Smoking Room Microeconomics Charles Ponzi Deflation (economics) The Critic Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Humphrey Bogart Anderson Cooper Surplus value Paul W. S. Anderson Married... with Children Say's law StarCraft: Uprising Ocean's Twelve The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Everwood The Catcher in the Rye Philosophical skepticism Inflation The Amazing Race Arthur Laffer Okashina Okashi Personal finance Daz Dillinger Leeds United F.C. Argentine economic crisis (1999-2002) Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Freeters FairTax Professional wrestling slang Piccolo Junior Saga Alcoholics Anonymous The Apprentice 2 Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man The Death Gate Cycle Characters in the Smurfs Wheel of Fortune Marilyn Monroe Vegeta Vladimir Peter Tytla Annuity Marshall Plan Bank W. Daniel Hillis 2000 Australian Grand Prix Moral Politics Doomtown George Burns Honey and Clover Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious Meat Loaf Avenue Q Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism The Amber Spyglass W.I.T.C.H. New York Jets Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Maison Ikkoku Insurance Cosmo Kramer Shit Monetary policy The Inside Social Credit YuYu Hakusho Syphon Filter Great Teacher Onizuka Credit card Brian Jones (musician) Great Depression Mortgage The Jeffersons (South Park) Endless Nights Economy of the United States Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Episodes of Lost (Season 2) U.S. public debt Public Eye 