dream that see into the i have been seeing into the future in my dream like people and what they do and stuff like opening a door the is that normal and how come this happens hold on i'm a bit confused by you do you mean you have dejavus that's when something happens in real life and you feel like the exact same thing had happend to you before maybe in a dream you had once every had a lucid dream though that's when you are dreaming you realize that you are dreaming then you can do anything you want like flying meeting important people battle monsters and it all feels and seems completely real but you know that it's a dream Lucid dreaming Out-of-body experience Dream Avenue Q Vanilla Sky God Emperor of Dune Please Save My Earth Scenes from a Memory Jon Secada The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Buffy Summers The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) K' W.I.T.C.H. Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Digital World The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Rich Mullins Super Mario 64 Sersi One Tree Hill (TV series) Super Mario Bros. 2 Characters in the Smurfs Paul W. S. Anderson Salad Fingers Paranoia Agent Gosei Sentai Dairanger Miracleman The Amber Spyglass Kim Possible Emanuel Swedenborg Grandview, U.S.A. Pok__mon Chronicles Denji Sentai Mega Ranger Kender Jean Grey Mal__si e Madhe District Hikari Kamiya I Want to Hold Your Hand Miss Saigon Bertrand Russell American Idiot Consciousness Piccolo Junior Saga Davis Motomiya Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time Kain (Legacy of Kain) Dreams (1990 film) Blood (computer game) Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi Melanie Thornton Philosophy of mind Care Bears Unconscious mind Restless (Buffy episode) My Life as a Teenage Robot Futurama (TV series - season 5) Shaggy dog story Fernando Pessoa Yu-Gi-Oh! Syd Barrett Karen Horney Lunar 2: Eternal Blue Complete The McGuire Sisters Nightmares (Buffy episode) Castlevania: Lament of Innocence The Shining (film) Carlos Castaneda S__ren Kierkegaard Mulholland Drive (film) Hide and Q (TNG episode) Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Sigmund Freud Dream pop Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Milton H. Erickson Rick Veitch Haven (TNG episode) Professional wrestling match types Piccolo (Dragon Ball) Vegeta Rayman Tidus Fictional character Children of Dune Sly Cooper Slayer (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Fictional crossover Animal Farm Meta-reference Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete Squidward Tentacles E. E. Cummings Carl Jung Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution Rudolf Hermann Lotze 