i am so unhappy how can i be a happy person i hate my job and can't change it you can't make your self happy unless you are happy with yourself i know it sounds weird i went through a long depression period and that was what someone told me which i thought it was completely ridiculous but the more i thought of it it made sense as far as your job goes you can change it but only if you don't make excuses for why you can't just find what makes you happy and include that more in your life try talking to loved ones and maybe those who know you best will be able to bring you back to your happy self Friends Shaggy dog story Knots Landing Pitaten "Weird Al" Yankovic Avenue Q Dead Like Me Kodocha Happiness One Tree Hill (TV series) Fight Club Theory of conduct Miss Saigon Nicomachean Ethics The Catcher in the Rye The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe The Smoking Room The Ashlee Simpson Show Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Social rule EastEnders Pulp (band) Nine Inch Nails Current teachings of Prem Rawat W.I.T.C.H. Goodness and value theory History of As the World Turns (2000-present) Charles Dickens The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Haven (TNG episode) Jumping the shark Phoebe Halliwell Rent (musical) The Amber Spyglass Married... with Children The Beatles discography Rocko's Modern Life Fiddler on the Roof The Wall Futurama (TV series - season 2) Cliff Richard The Cyberiad Carl Barks Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Brave New World Real Love (song) Infidels Ken Keyes, Jr. Blur Ace of Base Eleanor Rigby Leo Tolstoy Bernard Williams Luke and Laura Spencer Methos Tim Buckley The Shining (film) Phoebe Buffay's songs Happy Days Novel It's Walky! Chobits characters St. Elmo's Fire (film) The Emancipation of Mimi Michael J. Bernard Adam Mickiewicz Philip J. Fry Anne Rice Laguna Loire Grandview, U.S.A. Paranoia Agent Rich Mullins Jon Secada Aristotle John Berryman H.P. Lovecraft Gender-neutral language Arnold Rimmer Piccolo Junior Saga Vladimir Peter Tytla Jacob Pavlovitch Adler Le Malade imaginaire Smells Like Teen Spirit 2000 Australian Grand Prix The Inside Cordelia Chase Time Out of Mind Susan Ivanova Inception of Darwin's theory David Niven Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Team America: World Police King Crimson Blood on the Tracks Summa Theologiae Derek Parfit Christian eschatology Whose Line Is It Anyway? David Hume The Human Stain 