do you agree that public opinion should never be the measure of how you judge yourself you will never be happy do you mean the same public opinion which burned to the stake possibly millions of women around the world and said good riddance to bad rubbish do you mean the same public opinion that keeps building housing for millions of american inmates do you mean the public opinion who voted in bush cassidy and the some dance kid i could go on and on but i would only get myself in trouble with public opinion cheers Clarence Thomas American Idol Samuel Alito Opinion poll Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid Same-sex marriage in the United States Dixie Chicks Good Riddance (Time of Your Life) Federal Marriage Amendment Sandra Day O'Connor Government involvement in the Terri Schiavo case Public relations Bob Rae Public opinion Boston Public Bush v. Gore John Mellencamp Movement to impeach George W. Bush George W. Bush Campaign finance reform Roe v. Wade Theory of conduct Plame affair Lucille Ball Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Fame Academy Poker jargon Judicial functions of the House of Lords Vernon Schillinger Goodness and value theory Green Day U.S. presidential election debates Ruth Bader Ginsburg U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Capital punishment in the United Kingdom John Kerr Nuclear power phase-out Consensus decision-making Boxing Wedding Crashers Janice Rogers Brown Bill Stevenson First Amendment to the United States Constitution Same-sex marriage in Canada 2003 California recall Fox News Escape from New York Advisory Opinion of the International Court of Justice of 8 July 1996 Israeli West Bank barrier Fahrenheit 9/11 Trade war over genetically modified food Debate 2004 Democratic National Convention Celebrity Flag Desecration Amendment Nuclear option (filibuster) Same-sex unions in Oregon Roger J. Traynor Fair use Alberto Gonzales Supreme Court of the United States Canadian federal election, 2004 Citizens for a Free Kuwait 2005 trial of Michael Jackson George Burns John Roberts United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Charles, Prince of Wales Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Execution by burning Clay Aiken Abortion debate Freedom House Michael Cassidy Cheerleading Intact dilation and extraction Sydney Riot of 1879 Equal Protection Clause International Court of Justice Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Anthony Kennedy 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Punk ideology President of India Whitney Houston Pledge of Allegiance Red Scare Pok__mon Live! Farrer Herschell, 1st Baron Herschell Status of religious freedom in France American popular opinion on invasion of Iraq Opinion Second Amendment to the United States Constitution Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse Laura Schlessinger Sexual orientation Montreal Screwjob Treehouse of Horror IV Governments' positions pre-2003 invasion of Iraq 