what do you look like and what is your outlook on life i am scottish fishernan ' tall green eyes and i want a hoose in the western isles for my retirement i have family there and i know i will go back there one day i have bros and sis and nieces and one on the way which i hope will be a boy he is due in november and my b'day is nov my question is am i being selfish for wishing for a nephew on the th november please read this questonj carefully before answering female living in london travelling the world and learning about people brothers neices and a definite desire to have a family member born on my birthday th november Friends Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus Samuel Pepys C. S. Lewis Birthday Luke Skywalker Heinrich Schliemann Hoo Peninsula Bernard Williams Family Super Mario Bros. 2 Blade Runner Koopa Kid Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall Happiness King's Quest Phaedo R.E.M. (band) Aesthetic Realism Happy Days Altruism Wars of Scottish Independence Super Mario remake series Goodness and value theory Minor characters in Sonic the Hedgehog The Jazz Singer Legacy of Kain Bertrand Russell Phoebe Halliwell Human sexual behavior Richard III of England Sant Thakar Singh Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester Objectivist philosophy Louise of Hesse Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama Link (Legend of Zelda) The Magician's Nephew Annabella Byron, 11th Baroness Wentworth Super Mario Bros. 3 Yoshi Edward VIII of the United Kingdom Picquart's Investigations of the Dreyfus Affair John Howard Yoder Salic law Darken Rahl Calvin and Hobbes Yin Shun The Human Stain Characters of Naruto 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Kyle Broflovski Robert I of Scotland Anne Rice United Kingdom Succession crisis (Mormonism) Super Mario Bros. Comparing and contrasting Judaism and Christianity Narnia Gry Raistlin Majere Edward Gibbon Wakefield Swami Vivekananda Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an First English Civil War Super Mario World Alberto Santos-Dumont Frank Herbert The Venture Bros. Carl Barks A Course In Miracles Consensus decision-making Final Fantasy Tactics Advance 50 First Dates Shaggy dog story Sally Ann Howes Kim Philby Scotland national rugby union team Independent school (UK) Jiddu Krishnamurti W.I.T.C.H. Rule of St Benedict Warner Bros. British Royal Family Live 8 Isaac Newton's early life and achievements Incest Son Goku (Dragon Ball) Emmylou Harris Chicago (band) Anne Boleyn Gackt The Ashlee Simpson Show Isle of Grain 1996 Atlantic hurricane season Jacobitism 21 July 2005 London bombings Scientology beliefs and practices Elections in the United Kingdom 