Treatment of decompensated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in the emergency department--correlation between clinical features and prognosis.
 STUDY OBJECTIVE: Patients with decompensated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are at high risk of relapse after treatment in an emergency department.
 The purpose of this study was to determine if the risk of relapse correlates with the clinical features of the disease.
 PATIENTS: Three hundred fifty-two patients with documented COPD who were treated for dyspnea in the ED of the Albuquerque Veterans Administration Medical Center over a three-year period.
 METHODS: We reviewed the clinical features and pulmonary function tests of the patients, who were considered to have COPD if the baseline prebronchodilator one-second forced expiratory volume (FEV1) was less than 80% predicted, and less than 80% of the forced vital capacity and inhaled bronchodilators failed to increase the FEV1 to levels of more than 80% predicted.
 Visits for pneumonia, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary emboli were excluded.
 A relapse was defined as an unscheduled revisit to the ED within 14 days of initial treatment.
 Data were entered into a microcomputer data base and analyzed by a commercial statistical package.
 RESULTS: Of 877 visits in which the patient was treated and released from the ED, 281 (32.0%) resulted in relapse and were considered unsuccessful Compared with successful visits, unsuccessful visits were characterized by a shorter duration of dyspnea (P = .002), a lower entry FEV1 (P = .027), a lower discharge FEV1 (P = .040), a greater number of treatments with nebulized bronchodilators (P = .009), more frequent use of parenteral adrenergic drugs (P = .006), and less frequent use of oral prednisone on discharge (P = .016).
 Patients with one or more relapse visits during the study period (relapsers) differed from nonrelapsers in several respects.
 Relapsers had a greater bronchodilator response on baseline FEV1 than nonrelapsers (P = .047).
 Nevertheless, relapsers required more bronchodilator treatments in the ED (P less than .001); were treated more frequently with parenteral adrenergic drugs (P less than .001), IV glucocorticoids (P less than .001), and oral prednisone (P less than .001); and recovered less of their baseline FEV1 (P less than .014).
 CONCLUSION: Bronchodilator response on baseline pulmonary function testing appears to identify patients with COPD who have a poor prognosis after emergency treatment.
 Their poor response to intensive bronchodilator treatment suggests that loss of bronchodilator response may be involved in the pathogenesis of respiratory decompensation.
