money from a will my grandfather passed away a few years ago and left me some money but was said that i wasn't to recieve it until i was assuming the reason he didn't want me to spend it on anything stupid i don't even know how much he left for me but my grandmother won't help me or my mom with any financial situations and neither will my dad i'm about to start college and have no money i'm still waiting to hear about a pell grant and i have no way of getting to school either so i'm pretty much in the hole if i wanted could i ask my grandmother to give me some of that money could i it's left for me and i'd be using it for a good reason ughh i swear i said im waiting on a pell grant right now school starts on the th and it's already the th i already know about all that other stuff like loans and scholarships and blah blah blah i've done my information through a financial aid service i was just asking more about the money from the will have you received a copy of the will or the trust the money was placed into even though you are not to receive your money until you're do you know of any stipulation regarding going to college and using the money exclusively for that before you are even though the money was left for you your grandmother's hands may be tied depending on what if any stipulations there are regarding it good luck Little Britain Student loan Iggy Pop Alois Hitler Poker jargon Shaggy dog story Press Your Luck Financial aid The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Pitaten Social rule Married... with Children Mr. and Mrs. Turner Scholarship Grandview, U.S.A. Timmy Turner Fancy Crane Kyle Broflovski EastEnders Second Battle of the Atlantic Emperor Yuan of Han Knots Landing Money 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines One Piece minor characters Piccolo Junior Saga Insurance Taz-Mania Elections in the United States Ben Johnson (athlete) Krusty Gets Busted Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Philip J. Fry Kodocha Theory of conduct Ocean's Twelve Kurt Cobain Major League Baseball television contracts Life insurance Leeds United F.C. Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Characters from Arrested Development Calvin and Hobbes Mortgage Kat Moon Tuition Gross domestic product Shit Jean Schmidt Economy of Africa Sub-Zero Weimar Republic Marshall Plan Small business Galactic Civilizations History of the British constitution Angelina Jolie Cheating in poker Time Out of Mind U.S. Electoral College Sami Brady Joke Who Shot Mr. Burns? Education in the People's Republic of China Social Security (United States) Jeopardy! Hey Jude Babe Ruth Kim Possible U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Capital accumulation Mahjong Barack Obama Wonderland (McFly album) Claiborne Pell Brett Favre Microcredit Pretty Good Privacy Financial endowment Ivy League Neighbours Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Doug Baseball Stars Annuity Education in Germany Article One of the United States Constitution Futurama (TV series - season 5) Satchel Paige StarCraft: Uprising Medicare (Canada) The Amazing Race Microeconomics Rosa Parks Tenchi Muyo! Bond 