your all time favorite family guy episode i like the one where brian has a problem urinating uncontrollably and finds out that it's because of his feelings for lois i love the conversation brian and lois have where he asks if there ever could be anything between them and lois says maybe if she were really drunk then quickly changes her mind another one is where they have to move to some redneck town chris getting all excited about kissing a boy who's really a girl hahahaha that was funny Megan Griffin Brian Griffin Lois Griffin Stewie Griffin Family Guy Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Peter Griffin Mind Over Murder A Very Special Family Guy Freakin' Christmas Young adult literature Jungle Love Friends Smallville (Season 4) The Beach Boys Avenue Q Road to Europe All in the Family The Shining (film) Good Times Lois Lane Brian Wallows and Peter's Swallows Phoebe Buffay's songs Miss Saigon North by North Quahog One Tree Hill (TV series) Jam (TV series) Running Mates Shaggy dog story Sex and the City Malcolm in the Middle Lois and Clark: The New Adventures of Superman St. Elmo's Fire (film) Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Time Out of Mind All Summer Long Family Guy Viewer Mail South Park Whose Line Is It Anyway? Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical Jennifer Lopez Knots Landing Family (Buffy episode) Oh My Goddess! Social rule Prince (artist) Summer Days (and Summer Nights!!) American Dad! The Venture Bros. Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Cliff Richard Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Myrna Loy The Fairly OddParents Gene Simmons W.I.T.C.H. Doug Ron and Fez My Parents are Aliens To Live and Die in Dixie Stan Laurel Chris Griffin Surf's Up Recurring South Park characters Moe Szyslak Lana Lang Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Brian May Babylon 5 Homer Simpson Seth MacFarlane Fast Times at Buddy Cianci Jr. High Humphrey Bogart Urinary incontinence Charmed BG James J. D. Salinger Mr. Griffin Goes to Washington Child sexuality Glen Quagmire Sounds of Summer: The Very Best of The Beach Boys Good Morning, Vietnam The Ashlee Simpson Show Elizabeth Smart kidnapping George Abbott Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu YuYu Hakusho StarCraft Episode VI William Powell Pet Sounds Holly Valance The Thin White Line Fushigi Yugi Late Night with Conan O'Brien Moonraker Butters Stotch Perry White Runaways (comics) Live at the Roxy Theatre 