michigan rival football price what do you think would be a fair price for a student ticket to one of the michigan rival football games notre dame penn state ohio state thanks check the facebook marketplace if you have an account it's a great place where students look to buy and sell tickets to games see what people there are buying selling for fyi one guy on june th said his highest bid for michigan v ohio state was at so far season tickets generally sell for around on facebook otherwise look at stubhub com or google college football tickets you should get a pretty good idea of what you can sell it for University of Notre Dame Big Ten Conference Michigan State University Big East Conference College football Atlantic Coast Conference Bowl Championship Series Maxwell Award Texas Longhorn Athletics College rivalry Fight song Lou Holtz Michigan Green Bay Packers University of Michigan Walter Camp Award Auction American football Facebook (website) Freedom Hall College basketball Textbook Supply and demand Arizona State University Ohio Ivy League Microeconomics NFL on television Joe Paterno University of Southern California National Football League New England Patriots Manchester United F.C. NCAA Football 2005 Mack Brown BCS title game Midwestern United States American Football League All-Time Team University of Pittsburgh Price discrimination AFL-NFL Merger Ford Motor Company 1986 NBA Draft Ohio State University Canadian Football League Australian rules football Liberty University Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway NCAA football bowl games, 2004-05 Oakland Raiders Yankee Stadium New York Central Railroad Mutual fund Boston College Athletics British Columbia Lions Internet fraud Tottenham Hotspur F.C. 2005 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament Google Blackburn Rovers F.C. Ann Arbor, Michigan U.S. Congressional Delegations from Michigan Emirates Stadium Norway national football team The Price Is Right Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Pennsylvania State University Randy Moss NFL Draft Paul Hornung Portsmouth F.C. Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago Railway San Francisco 49ers Upper Peninsula of Michigan Robert Kraft National Lottery RuneScape economy Monday Night Football Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. FedEx Field Australian Football League Golden State Warriors Leeds United F.C. October 2005 in sports Super Bowl American Football League Jim Thorpe Purdue University Indiana Jim Tressel USC Trojans Football Atari Heisman Trophy New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Sheffield United F.C. Day trading Chelsea F.C. Pacific Ten Conference Crystal Palace F.C. 