do football players wear underwear under their girdles i am joining football in like weeks and wondering i didnt know i do a bike compression short with a cup i am not quite sure why they do not make the girdle with a pouch for the cup nor can i imagine playing football without one probably has something to do with also being a hockey goalie legit question putting all this stuff on for the first time can be confusing Undergarment Goaltender Ice hockey Football (soccer) Lacrosse Field hockey Floorball Detroit Red Wings Jockstrap Corset Chicago Blackhawks 1992-93 NHL season National Hockey League All-Star Game Los Angeles Kings League Cup Montreal Canadiens Canadian Football League National Football League Ipswich Town F.C. FA Cup F.C. United of Manchester The Football League Water polo UEFA Champions League Edmonton Oilers Arsenal F.C. Dominik Ha__ek Table football 2005-06 NHL season Table tennis Playoff Miracle on Ice Denis Law Tommy Smith Ali Daei Norway national football team Rugby football Roller hockey Rugby union National Hockey League Australian rules football Super Mario Strikers Monday Night Football Bundesliga (football) Fulham F.C. Jacques Plante IFK G__teborg Football in Sweden Australian Football League Brazil national football team Bangor City F.C. Football in the United Kingdom England national football team Football World Cup Football World Cup 2002 Gordon Banks Qu__bec Nordiques Hamburger SV Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Court dress Futebol Clube do Porto Indoor soccer Football World Cup 1990 Sport in Ireland History of rugby union EA Sports Mark Messier Doug Harvey Damon Allen Juventus F.C. Everton F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Hartford Whalers Jarome Iginla Maurice Richard G-string New York Americans San Jose Sharks Aston Villa F.C. Canadian football Sunderland A.F.C. Gerry Cheevers Brett Hull Ted Lindsay Raith Rovers F.C. Germany national football team John Aldridge Steve Coppell Arena football Wrexham A.F.C. John Barnes (footballer) Mullet (haircut) West Bromwich Albion F.C. Millwall F.C. Ice Hockey World Championships SL Benfica Violence in sports Grant Fuhr 