any rutgers fans here after last year the hopes for this years team is very high how do you think they will do go scarlet knights living right next to new brunswick of course i'm a rutgers fan this past season was thrilling to say the least and then we had the interesting controversy surrounding imus and the rutgers women's basketball team and of course coach schiano's legendary performance on the soppranos talk about publicity you can't buy that kind of publicity i see good things to come for schiano and co good things i may delay my inevitable trip to the top and then bottom of the seattle space needle until the end of the rutgers run to glory American football Rutgers University Big East Conference Carolina Panthers Kobe Bryant Indiana Pacers Stanley Cup Toronto Blue Jays New York Giants 1957 World Series Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns National Basketball Association Bobby Knight Chicago Cubs New York Knicks Ultimate (sport) Continental Basketball Association Michael Jordan Torquay United F.C. Milwaukee Brewers NBA Finals Seattle Mariners Princeton University College football New Jersey Nets Basketball George Steinbrenner Chicago Bulls University of Pittsburgh Philadelphia 76ers Pittsburgh Steelers Sacramento Monarchs San Antonio Spurs Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Larry Bird New Mexico Lobo Basketball Georgia Institute of Technology Al Michaels Ivy League Rutgers College Allen Iverson Rickey Henderson Nottingham Forest F.C. Los Angeles Clippers Dawn Staley Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Buffalo Bills Washington State University Perth Glory Toronto Raptors Steve Nash St. John's University, New York Orlando Magic University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill College basketball Farnborough Town F.C. Boston Bruins New Brunswick, New Jersey Watford F.C. Memorial Stadium, Clemson Houston Rockets Seattle Storm New York Jets New England Patriots National Hockey League All-Star Game Utah Jazz American Basketball League 1996-98 University of Oregon Cleveland Cavaliers Playoff Baltimore Orioles University of Houston Boston College Athletics Seattle Seahawks Chicago White Sox Cork City F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Arkansas Razorbacks Baseball San Diego Padres University of Washington 1986 World Series Los Angeles Lakers National Hockey League WFAN (AM) Football Texas Longhorn Athletics James A. Garfield High School (Seattle) Yao Ming New York Yankees Detroit Tigers St. Louis Rams Los Angeles Dodgers Beitar Jerusalem FC Tori Amos Dallas Cowboys John Calipari Utah State University 