which book is a good nonfiction book for summer reading for th grade ap english a voice of knowledge self help personal growth a million little pieces memoir literature why don't penguins feet freeze general science plato and platypus walk into a bar philosophy linguistics what remains history politics i really want to read the self help book but im not sure if its considered nonfiction if anyone has any other suggestions to other short nonfiction books feel free to share but please noo biographies the beauty myth by naomi wolf is excellent Literature Non-fiction Philosophy Stephen King Socrates J. R. R. Tolkien Education C. S. Lewis H. G. Wells Philosophy of language Human Leo Strauss Harold Bloom Jorge Luis Borges Thomas M. Disch Sexual revolution Republic (dialogue) Ancient Greek literature Walter J. Ong Robert A. Heinlein Jean-Jacques Rousseau A Course In Miracles Nicomachean Ethics Frank Herbert Western philosophy Platypus Eric Voegelin Dialect Naomi Wolf Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Plato Saul Bellow L. Sprague de Camp Open access Neil Gaiman Harlan Ellison Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Johann Wolfgang von Goethe African American literature Republicanism Gene Wolfe Dinosaur Young adult literature Sigmund Freud Susan Sontag Paradise Lost Japanese literature Greek language Graduate school Immanuel Kant Atlas Shrugged Vladimir Nabokov Necronomicon Music Objectivist philosophy Cognitive science Friedrich Schleiermacher Dewey Decimal Classification Deconstruction Brian Aldiss English plural Bill Bryson Irish mythology Aristotle Idealism Esperanto as an international language The Education of Henry Adams William Shatner Isaac Asimov Finnish language Social sciences Jack London Consolation of Philosophy Postmodernism DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution 7thMIX Religion David Irving Salman Rushdie David Hume Milton H. Erickson Aldous Huxley Marcel Proust Canadian literature Robert Silverberg English grammar Apology (Plato) Bulgarian language Arthur Cayley Science Carl Jung Mind H.P. Lovecraft Mortimer Adler Logic DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution John Stuart Mill Novel Spanish language History of philosophy 