what books for adults did roald dahl write roald dahl wrote a lot of books for adults my favourites are his two autobiographies boy and going solo his books of short stories include someone like you sweet mystery of life kiss kiss and roald dahl's book of ghost stories he also wrote for the television series tales of the unexpected i know he wrote a novel my uncle oswald but i've not read that so can't comment on it i believe that his books for children like james and the giant peach matilda and the bfg are good reading for children and adults alike although i must admit that i'm a big fan of good children's literature Young adult literature Children's literature Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Harry Potter Patricia Neal The Chronicles of Narnia Fairy tale Oompa Loompa Hayao Miyazaki The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory James and the Giant Peach Terry Pratchett The Wonderful Wizard of Oz All My Children Orson Scott Card A Series of Unfortunate Events C. S. Lewis Mercedes Lackey SpongeBob SquarePants Kodocha Literature Enid Blyton French Renaissance literature Scrooge McDuck The Nightmare Before Christmas Diana Wynne Jones The New Yorker A. A. Milne Black Pete James Bond Arthur Machen Charles Dickens Rocko's Modern Life Hans Christian Andersen Tori Amos Hitchhiking L. Frank Baum J. R. R. Tolkien Hilaire Belloc Arthur C. Clarke Four Rooms Violet Beauregarde Japanese literature Veruca Salt RuneScape quests You Only Live Twice Three Investigators Anne Rice Legion of Super-Heroes African American literature Gremlin School and university in literature Titans (comics) Men in Black Doctor Who spin-offs Canon (fiction) Neil Gaiman Don Rosa Animated television series KISS (band) Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator The Catcher in the Rye Geoffrey Fisher Storytelling Rudyard Kipling Matilda (novel) Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Sholom Aleichem Ursula K. Le Guin Tales of the City Anime Colin Henry Wilson Eric Idle Kim Novak Indiana Jones The Witches History of modern literature The Dukes of Hazzard Artemis Fowl (series) Victorian literature Andrew Lang Peter Pan Roald Hoffmann The Twilight Zone James Joyce Stratemeyer Syndicate 42 (number) Bible J. D. Salinger Tim Burton Nestl__ Smarties Book Prize Little House on the Prairie Lin Carter Judas Priest John Peel 