marie lamba is such a wonderful author she went to college with my mother i'd really appreciate if your bought her book i just did it's a really adorable story it's made for teens though my mother is interested in reading it too marie lamba is actually an italian but she married an indian man and now they have daughters this book is about one of her daughters and what it's like to be a biracial teenage girl growing up in america nowadays this is her website http www marielamba com http www amazon com what i meant marie this is the website to buy the book if you're interested i just thought you'd might want to know what one of the critics said i adored this amazing book it will grip you and make you laugh from the very first page sue limb author she is just a great woman who has a gift to write fantastic books please buy it and tell me if you do thanks for ur support d the book sounds interesting great reads dark chocolate evil poodles but the amazon link doesn't work the other link works fine Mary Wollstonecraft J. D. Salinger HyperText Transfer Protocol Superhero Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an One Tree Hill (TV series) Amazon.com Wonder Woman Daredevil EastEnders Mary Jane Watson Avenue Q L. Frank Baum Anne Rice Frank Herbert World Wide Web H.P. Lovecraft Anne Boleyn Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Ranma __ characters R. Kelly H. G. Wells J. K. Rowling Wget Shaggy dog story Uniform Resource Locator Agatha Christie Wonder Woman (television series) The Lovely Bones Supergirl Sharon Tate Peter Pan Novel Lolita Wonder Girl The Da Vinci Code Iliad Alice Munro YuYu Hakusho Dawson's Creek Victor Hugo American comic book Marie Antoinette AFI 100 Years series Oprah Winfrey Website Chuck Palahniuk Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder Fight Club Characters from Arrested Development Love Hina minor characters Phishing Saved by the Bell Science fiction Conan the Barbarian Adolescence Internet phenomenon History of As the World Turns (2000-present) Elvis and Me Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Charmed Marvel Comics Adore Taken Mary Pickford Young adult literature Feminism Jean Grey Teen Girl Squad Fantastic Four Gwen Stacy The Critic Family name Rave Master Charles Dickens C. S. Lewis Knots Landing The Golden Girls Church of Christ, Scientist Bill Oddie Google bomb Book Alice Liddell Jon Secada Titans (comics) Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Mary Sue Albrecht D__rer Nancy Witcher Astor Little House on the Prairie Yoko Ono Springfield Elementary School His Dark Materials Married... with Children Book collecting The Subtle Knife LiveJournal Leo Frank 