where can i find critics from this book touched with fire the future of vietnam generation also can you help me where i can find the biography of this author b c i need to know about his background in relating to this book he wrote thanks for your help click the link below for some scholarly articles on that book most scholarly articles also touch on the relationship of the author to the subject of the book Gospel of John Legal research Biblical canon Open access Bible Academic publishing Aryeh Kaplan Children's literature Scientific journal Genesis Peer review Frank Herbert Book of Esther Book of Revelation Vietnamese language Book of Mormon Taoism Daniel Goldhagen C. S. Lewis Biography Book of Daniel Chinese language Pirate radio Scholarly method Encyclop__dia Britannica International law Thomas More Piers Plowman Gospel of Mark Jean de Joinville Carlos Castaneda Camille Paglia Publishing Paul R. Ehrlich Editor The Bell Curve Amos Oz Physical intimacy Pappus of Alexandria The Skeptical Environmentalist Aesthetic Realism D. H. Lawrence Robert Palmer (author/producer) Edward Augustus Freeman The Truth About Hillary Tetragrammaton Ebook Vietnam Nhat Hanh Clive Barker Authorship of the Johannine works First Book of Nephi Literary criticism Authorship of the Pauline epistles C. J. Cherryh P__li Book of Isaiah H. G. Wells Marshall McLuhan Tom Wolfe Library of Alexandria Economics Allan Bloom Opposition to cults and new religious movements Articles of Religion (Methodist) Postmodernism Japanese language The Power Broker Induction (philosophy) A Tale of a Tub Sathya Sai Baba Intellectual property Magical objects in Harry Potter Science fiction APA style Ubykh language James M. McPherson Novus Ordo Missae Telford Taylor Hey Jude Objectivist philosophy Logic Ebionites South Vietnam Macromedia Flash Book of Obadiah New Testament Paul Krugman A Beautiful Mind Epistle of Jude Deuteronomy Stephen Bronner Strauss and Howe Roland Barthes Taiwanese (linguistics) Ann Coulter Japanese history textbook controversies Michel Henry Joseph Justus Scaliger GNU Free Documentation License 