writing thinking about writing a book short story does anyone know of any self publishing options websites okay first things first finish something anything a short story poem just finish writing can't publish anything if you don't have anything finished first then once you've finished something do it again and again and again keep writing when you feel you have enough to start looking into getting published then you can check out publishers self publishing is a scam don't listen to what anyone has to say you pay for everything you do all the marketing distribution bookstores will not carry self published books self publishing is for people who couldn't get traditionally published you start small school paper local newspapers etc check out your local librabry they will have tons of resources for new authors there are also plenty of magazines looking for writing and they pay then work your way up and start contacting publishers write a query letter with a sample of your work asking if they would like to see more also publishers won't look at anything unless it's finished you can find a list of publishers in the writer's marketplace found at the library good luck Publishing Book Open access Vanity press Oxford English Dictionary Self-publishing Comic book Legal research Literature Children's literature Sing Tao Daily Short story Social rule Ye Shengtao Don Rosa Advance fee fraud Publishers Weekly Manga Internet fraud Extreme Programming Academic publishing Prolog Orson Scott Card Newspaper Erotic literature Chuck Palahniuk The Amazing Race Franco-Belgian comics Ursula K. Le Guin Arthur Machen Time Out of Mind Carl Barks Poker jargon C. S. Lewis Neopets Genre fiction The Hobbit Textbook Crossword Charles Bukowski Rudyard Kipling Ming Pao Deseret Book H.P. Lovecraft Anne Rice Gene Wolfe Grant Morrison Screenplay Science fiction Eugene Onegin British small press comics Thomas M. Disch Monopoly Ambrose Bierce System/36 Camille Paglia Robert Walser (writer) American comic book Norse saga Am730 Satchel Paige H.D. Shmuel Yosef Agnon J. R. R. Tolkien Science fiction magazine Culture of Japan RuneScape locations The New Yorker Library (computer science) Ebook Neil Gaiman ISBN Fictional book Saadat Hasan Manto Security (finance) University of Wisconsin Minor characters in Morrowind Offices in Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth Lolita Patrick White Ben Johnson (athlete) Chen Duxiu Tengwar Software testing Kurt Tucholsky J. Michael Straczynski Edmund Curll Fair use The Wall Street Journal Graduate school Sampling (music) CPAN Amiga Power Stephen King Bookbinding One Tree Hill (TV series) John Lott Donald Barthelme J. D. Salinger 