please help i'm totally at a lost here i met this guy at starbucks and he wants to get together next thursday he said we should both bring the latest book that we read and that he can't wait to have an intelligent discussion with good company i'm totally freaking out because while i read quite often i'm not sure what book to bring i mean he's going to judge me based on my choice i read everything from teen fantasy fiction to african american erotica zane to autobiographies to random literature any suggestions if he's looking for intelligent company he'll be the type who can spot a fake from a mile away don't try to pick something you think will impress him pick a book that you know best that's your favourite book only you will be able to pick a book Young adult literature Whose Line Is It Anyway? The Penultimate Peril Gary Gygax Interactive fiction Have I Got News For You Novel MTV2 Literature C. S. Lewis Fantasy Wheel of Fortune USS Zane (DD-337) Don Quixote Clifford Irving Western (genre) Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle Surveillance African American Vernacular English Frederick Douglass Fan fiction J. R. R. Tolkien Artificial intelligence Science fiction Fictional character Bush Supreme Court candidates Jennifer Lopez Marilyn vos Savant Emotional intelligence African American literature Swarthmore College Biblical canon Futurama (TV series - season 2) Incarnations of Immortality Moby-Dick American Psycho RuneScape William A. Dembski Advance fee fraud The Apprentice 2 Los Angeles Clippers Eisner Award American comic book Romance novel Paul Jennings (Australian author) Harold Bloom Necronomicon Crime fiction Lambda Literary Award Tolkien fandom Monty Hall problem The Contender (television series) Empathy Thursday Next Comic Book Guy RuneScape Random Events UFO conspiracy theory Teen Girl Squad Child pornography Nerd His Dark Materials Saints and Soldiers The Well of Lost Plots Inklings Otakon Marilyn Monroe I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Canadian literature Philip Roth The Giver H2G2 A Series of Unfortunate Events Gambling Anne Rice Alias (TV series) National Football League Nigger Coffeehouse Lost in a Good Book A.I. Love You Turing test Toni Morrison Graham Greene Erotic literature Perfect Dark Charles Mingus Jorge Luis Borges William F. Buckley, Jr. Nation of Islam Literature of the United States Choose Your Own Adventure Fighting Fantasy Game Books Chaos Emerald Arthur Machen The Chronicles of Narnia Yu-Gi-Oh! GX G. K. Chesterton Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism DC Comics Live action role-playing game 