Radiologic manifestations in the musculoskeletal system of miscellaneous endocrine disorders.
 The manifestations of endocrine derangements in the musculoskeletal system in infancy and childhood are disturbances in growth and maturation and in adulthood are disturbances in maintenance and metabolism.
 Hypercortisolism during skeletal immaturity suppresses growth.
 In the adult, hypercortisolism leads to osteoporosis, osteonecrosis, and muscle wasting.
 Deficiency of growth hormone during skeletal development results in short stature.
 An excess of growth hormone in a skeletally immature individual results in gigantism, an excess in a skeletally mature individual results in acromegaly.
 Patients with gigantism have extreme height with normal body proportions.
 Musculoskeletal manifestations of acromegaly include soft-tissue thickening, vertebral body enlargement, characteristic hand and foot changes, and enthesal bony proliferation.
 Hyperthyroidism causes catabolism of protein and loss of connective tissue, which manifest as muscle wasting.
 Deficient levels of thyroid hormone cause defects in growth and development.
 Severe growth retardation from congenital hypothyroidism is rare because neonatal screening recognizes the disorder and leads to early treatment.
 The skeletal manifestation of hypergonadism in children is precocious growth and early skeletal maturation.
 Although the initial precocious growth spurt results in a tall child, early closure of the growth plates results in a short adult.
 Hypogonadism in the prepubertal child results in delayed adolescence and delayed skeletal maturation.
 Diabetes mellitus in childhood results in decreased growth, a phenomenon presumed to be secondary to nutritional abnormalities.
 Generalized osteoporosis and short stature are common.
 In the adult, generalized osteoporosis may accompany insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus if obesity is absent.
 Calcification of interdigital arteries of the foot is common in diabetics and uncommon in other conditions.
 Additional skeletal manifestations relate to complications of diabetes such as peripheral neuropathy and diabetic foot disease.
