have you read the rules by ellen fein sherrie schneider yes i bought a copy for my daughter when she was in high school she's married now years old she followed the rules pretty stringently and they worked for her for what it matters i did too many many years ago back then however it wasn't a book just common sense they worked for me too Lyonel Feininger Tenchi Muyo! Miss Saigon Graham Greene Theory of conduct Endless Nights Christoph Schneider Romy Schneider Publishing Tori Amos Philosophical Investigations Welcome Back, Kotter James T. Aubrey, Jr. Ralph Waldo Emerson Home Rule Act 1914 Edward S. Curtis George Burns Make money fast 2000 Australian Grand Prix Nancy Witcher Astor Another World (TV series) Benny Fein The Pirates of Penzance Janet Jackson Fantasia Barrino Blood on the Tracks Charles Dickens Lego Hogwarts Sonoma County, California Drake's Plate of Brass Julia Roberts Skat Methos Ellen G. White J. D. Salinger Book collecting David Hume Juris Doctor Joely Fisher Angelina Jolie Claire Redfield Creationism Mein Kampf Lorelai Gilmore Mswati III of Swaziland Eddie August Schneider Same-sex marriage in Canada Jacob Neusner Zatch Bell! Springfield Elementary School Single malt Scotch XSL Transformations Martial art Sheepshead Gungrave Supporting Characters (Xenogears) Public domain One Life to Live General aviation Peter Cook Bernd Schneider (racecar driver) Fair use Incest taboo The Western Star E. E. Cummings Kodocha Irish Republicanism Ellen Louise Wilson The Mikado Hubert Selby Jr. Piccolo Junior Saga Confucius Halfdan The Subtle Knife Dallas (TV series) Camille Paglia Ichigo 100% Gettysburg Address Too Short a Season (TNG episode) Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword Establishment Clause of the First Amendment Sharon Tate Poker jargon Les Parapluies de Cherbourg Ellen Ripley Walter Scott Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince EastEnders Augustus De Morgan Kohen Bluebook Inbreeding Todd McFarlane Shaggy dog story Shawn Michaels A Widow for One Year I Want to Hold Your Hand Book The Danny Thomas Show 