has anyone read 'dream catcher' by margaret salinger what can you say about it it paints a very interesting portrait of her father j d salinger for instance i had no idea that he was so into healing and raw foods and that sort of thing i also had no idea that he had such an interest in dating very young women since we're unlikely to see an autobiography from j d salinger this is about as close as we'll get to knowing very much about his private life i recommend the book good luck and happy reading to you The Catcher in the Rye Socrates J. D. Salinger Carl Jung H. G. Wells Artemisia Gentileschi Alan Watts Edgar Cayce Fahrenheit 451 Endless Nights Tarot Happiness Avenue Q Theory of conduct Thomas Jefferson C. S. Lewis Lewis Carroll Young adult literature Parsifal Bill Peet Mary Wollstonecraft Bertrand Russell Fight Club __douard Manet The Mother Nicomachean Ethics Haven (TNG episode) Scientology beliefs and practices Microeconomics Property law Goodness and value theory Frank Herbert Bernard Williams Scenes from a Memory Gertrude Stein Lucid dreaming Abstraction Patent Brett Whiteley T. S. Eliot Tina Turner Alice Liddell Meaning of life The Merchant of Venice Carlos Castaneda Kitchen One Tree Hill (TV series) Great Books of the Western World The Emancipation of Mimi Pysanka Economy of India Tori Amos Simone Weil Extreme Programming Church of Christ, Scientist Inuit Rule of St Benedict Charles Darwin Oscar Wilde Karma Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Satchel Paige Arthur Machen Animism Henry Ford Milton H. Erickson Censorship in Australia E. E. Cummings Kodocha Claude L__vi-Strauss Louis Althusser XML Pitaten Harry Potter William Carlos Williams Holes (book) Victorian literature Brazil (film) Richard Baxter D. H. Lawrence Ludwig Wittgenstein John Henry Cardinal Newman Martin Sharp Gary Snyder The Supremes Miracle In Search of Lost Time Maison Ikkoku Arthur Cayley Benjamin Franklin Hans Holbein the Younger Mami Wata Witchcraft Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon L. S. Lowry Tao Te Ching Anarchism and capitalism Anne Boleyn The Amber Spyglass John Lennon 