has any one here ever read a non harry potter book yes i read short story and thinner book harry potter the book is too thick and too long story Harry Potter Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Minor Harry Potter Beasts Harry Potter newspapers and magazines Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Severus Snape Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) Beatrix Potter Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Magic (Harry Potter) Literature Harry Potter fandom Magical objects in Harry Potter Rubeus Hagrid James and Lily Potter Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Canon (fiction) Pixar Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix IPod J. K. Rowling Harry Potter: Book Seven Rita Skeeter Dates in Harry Potter A. S. Byatt Diana Wynne Jones Hermione Granger Scholastic Press R.A.B. Peter Pettigrew Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form Ginny Weasley Order of the Phoenix Pottery Minor Hufflepuffs Albus Dumbledore Neville Longbottom Minor Slytherins Magical beasts (Harry Potter) Harry Potter (character) Minor Ravenclaws Lord Voldemort Hogwarts Houses Harry Potter in translation Fan fiction Quidditch Big Read Minor Ministry officials in the Harry Potter books Minor characters associated with Quidditch Diagon Alley Children's literature Harry Harrison Draco Malfoy Half-Blood Prince (character) Hogwarts The Leaky Cauldron (website) Legilimency Neil Gaiman Discworld Motif of harmful sensation Money in Harry Potter Weasley family Fred and George Weasley Viktor Krum Hedwig (Harry Potter) Sally Potter Sybill Trelawney Hogwarts Express Fleur Delacour J. R. R. Tolkien Spoiler (media) Firenze (Harry Potter) MuggleNet Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (video game) A Wizard of Earthsea Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game) Minor Hogwarts teachers C. S. Lewis Relatives of Harry Potter Horace Slughorn Nicholas Flamel Grimmauld Place Broomstick Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) Occlumency Brian Aldiss Emma Watson Witches (Discworld) Daniel Radcliffe Golden Plates Fictional book Gryffindors in Harry Potter's year Terry Gilliam Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Wand 