are there any books which you were forced to read at school but came to be amongst your favourites i would never have chosen to read 'far from the madding crowd' or 'under milk wood' but now i love both of them also chaucer's 'canterbury tales' which springs to mind each year when i think of the first line when april with her showers sweet hath pierced the drought of march to the root on the other hand we were forced to study of shakespeare's plays one a year and now i can't stand them any of them brave new world by aldous huxley i was always bored with literature until then and this was the first literary work i read that i actually not only liked but was enthusiastic about it awakened a lifelong love for science fiction other early favorites included camus' the stranger orwell's animal farm sinclair's the jungle fitzgerald's the great gatsby and like everyone else and his brother here steinbeck's of mice and men Aldous Huxley John Steinbeck Modern Library Fictional character Brave New World C. S. Lewis J. R. R. Tolkien Literature of the United States The Canterbury Tales The Great Gatsby Nineteen Eighty-Four Story within a story The Legend of Good Women Robertson Davies History of science fiction Novel Geoffrey Chaucer Political ideas in science fiction Great Books of the Western World Humphrey Bogart F. Scott Fitzgerald Ernest Hemingway Confessio Amantis Thomas Henry Huxley Parody Arthur Machen Satire Garfield Reaction to Darwin's theory Anthony Burgess Crime fiction Karel __apek The Waste Land Young adult literature Prince Edmund (Blackadder) Macbeth Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay William Shakespeare Anthem (novella) Gerald Heard Rudyard Kipling Jack London The Prioress' Prologue and Tale Lost Generation Arnold Rothstein Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography Canterbury The Tale of Genji Japanese poetry Stephen King Saul Bellow What Makes Sammy Run? Christopher Marlowe Island (novel) Interactive fiction Japanese literature Wuthering Heights History of literature Piers Plowman Victor Hugo Mickey Mouse The Grapes of Wrath RuneScape quests Consolation of Philosophy Anne Boleyn 20th century Mark Twain Narrator Julian Huxley Edgar Allan Poe The Tempest (play) Utopia King James Version of the Bible British literature Necronomicon H. G. Wells Charles Dickens Minnie Mouse Finnegans Wake Great Depression University of Oxford Igor Stravinsky Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Edward FitzGerald (poet) Science fiction Travel literature Dr. Seuss Michael Cacoyannis Frederick James Furnivall History of modern literature Gentleman Agriculture Ralph Waldo Emerson A Tale of a Tub Charles Bukowski Fantasy Frank Herbert 