interracial stories looking for good books about interracial relationships or multi racial children not reference books please i'm not looking for self help type books i want novels biographies autobiographies memoirs fiction or non fiction that touches on these issues thanks thanks for your input nubiangeek but i'm looking for books to read i'm already a part of the best ir group on the web interracialfusion com the adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Mark Twain Children's literature Southern literature The Adventures of Tom Sawyer Novel History of modern literature Jack Kerouac Literature of the United States Neil Gaiman Lazarillo de Tormes Autobiography Jack London Don McGregor Pen name Mississippi River Point of view (literature) Canon (fiction) African American literature The Mysterious Stranger Doctor Who spin-offs Science fiction Interactive fiction Pogo Peter Pan Saul Bellow Blacks and Mormonism Biography Martin Amis Narrator Mary Jane Watson Literary technique Samuel R. Delany Philip Roth Unreliable narrator Nigger D. H. Lawrence Science fiction magazine C. S. Lewis Buck Rogers (science fiction) James Bond: The Authorized Biography of 007 Isaac Asimov History of science fiction Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Frank Herbert Gerald Durrell J. R. R. Tolkien Ghost James Bond Classics Illustrated Steampunk Alice Liddell H. G. Wells Lance Parkin Terry Pratchett Sholom Aleichem Kurt Vonnegut Halld__r Laxness Vladimir Nabokov Virgin New Adventures Anthony Trollope The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Frank Belknap Long Moomin George Moore (novelist) Non-fiction Stephen King Harlan Ellison Generation Y Multiracial Historical novel Harry Potter Graham Greene The Chronicles of Narnia Enid Blyton Hamlin Garland Unicode Romance novel Comics Irish fiction Chuck Palahniuk Douglas Adams E. Nesbit E. E. Smith Same-sex marriage James Blish Gary Gygax Shania Twain Star Trek Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography A. A. Milne Fiction William Gibson (novelist) The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin James Fenimore Cooper User interface Peter Darvill-Evans 