how many trees got cut down to publish al gores book save paper save the world at pages a lot less than bill clinton's page autobiography or hillary's page autobiography the real inconvenient is that even hillary's it takes a village and page dear socks dear buddy edged out al's tome so much for liberal concern about the environment i attempted to search to see if the gore book was printed on recycled paper but found no reference to such Hillary Rodham Clinton Bill Clinton Democratic Party (United States) Drudge Report Weekly World News U.S. presidential election, 2008 The Truth About Hillary 2004 Democratic National Convention David Brock Al Gore Money Ralph Nader Entertainment Software Rating Board Book Arthur Laffer Anne Frank Empire Burlesque Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 The Onion National Rifle Association Benjamin Franklin Garfield Theodore Kaczynski Cthulhu mythos arcane literature Evan Bayh U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Scholastic Press Joseph C. Wilson Blinded by the Right The Washington Times Barack Obama Fred Phelps John Muir Dick Morris Mallard Fillmore Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Recycling Paper Ed Rendell V.F.D. The Rush Limbaugh Show U.S. presidential election, 1992 The New York Times Newt Gingrich U.S. Electoral College Pat Buchanan Nuclear option (filibuster) American comic book Calvin and Hobbes Baby Blues Al Franken The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin Roswell UFO incident U.S. presidential election, 2000 A Course In Miracles Telephone directory Ghostwriter Plame affair Sacred Harp Legal research The Daily Show Fallout (computer game) Whitewater scandal Papillon (autobiography) Yellow Pages Jim Sasser Annuity CPU cache 1990s Taunton, Massachusetts The Real Ghostbusters The Caves of Androzani Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Peter F. Paul Killian documents Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Newspaper Toilet paper U.S. Senate election, 2006 Family Guy Mount Everest Open access Captain Marvel (DC Comics) Large denomination bills in U.S. currency Francis Crick Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Pierre Teilhard de Chardin Carrie Jacobs-Bond Paper size Waste management Jerry Herman Vince Foster Ronald Reagan George W. Bush Robert Reich Buddy Guy Richard Mellon Scaife Futurama (TV series - season 2) Neo-Fascism 