lately i sort of lose interest in reading ever since my favourite writer has passed away any antidote good authors are hard to find i suggest that you try out a new author with the same genre of books as your favorite author if you would recall you found you favorite author by accident it is always the case who knows you might find a new author who would spark your interest Legal research Crime fiction Ebook The Chronicles of Narnia G. K. Chesterton Theory of conduct H. G. Wells I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Children's literature Science fiction Mystery fiction Airport novel Pseudonym Japanese literature Jacky Ickx Deconstruction Slash fiction Royal Assent Kasparov versus The World Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Literature Magical objects in Harry Potter Canadian literature Tony Bennett Songwriter Book Author Spark plug Whose Line Is It Anyway? Spy fiction Sonic the Hedgehog Jorge Luis Borges Judas Priest Password Fictional character Richard Littlejohn Literary criticism Creation according to Genesis John Wesley Harding (album) Spyware Rocko's Modern Life Yellow journalism The Authority The Venture Bros. Public domain Cult film The Tribe Kurt Cobain Pet Sounds Binomial nomenclature Horror fiction Harry Potter Apology (Plato) Michael J. Bernard Speed reading Death metal Blog On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences John Cage Bethsaida David Bowie 2001 anthrax attacks Mordecai Richler Linguistics and the Book of Mormon Our Mrs. Reynolds Minor Harry Potter Beasts Tom Wolfe Voynich manuscript Charles Fort Webcomic Benjamin Franklin Hard science fiction Plame affair Motion City Soundtrack New England Patriots Shakespearean authorship Street-Legal Socrates U.S. Electoral College Jack Vance Gospel of Mark Tintin in Tibet Minor characters from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Clifford algebra Amateur astronomy Travel literature J. K. Rowling Ben Johnson (athlete) Vanity press Francis Hutcheson (philosopher) Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Disney's California Adventure Martin Amis Morley Callaghan Doctor Who (Enemy Within) Conflict of interest Shared universe Historical novel Tolkien fandom Musical works of Mozart 