does anyone know anything about publishing my dad wrote an adoreable little childrens book years and years back its always been his dream to have it published but somehow no one ever got around to it and is there any way it can get done by christmas any ideas of how i could get it published publishing often takes a year you can have it vanity press published quickly but that costs thousands of dollars Vanity press Neil Gaiman Self-publishing Avenue Q The Smashing Pumpkins Jack Kerouac Biblical Magi Computer and video game industry The Foundation Series Tom Wolfe The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Print on demand Education in England Vanity Fair (magazine) The Pilgrim's Progress Egyptian mythology Animal Farm Mark Twain Dr. Seuss Vanity Fair The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Kim Stanley Robinson Michael J. Bernard In Search of Lost Time Pound sterling Nora Roberts Carl Barks Miracleman Fight Club Norm Breyfogle J. R. R. Tolkien Douglas Adams Arthur Machen Christopher Hitchens Prince Valiant Thomas M. Disch Shel Silverstein Hey Jude The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Spice Girls UK Singles Chart United Artists Frank Herbert The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Garfield Gerina Dunwich Spot the Dog American comic book Erik Satie Isaac Asimov's Robot Series Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man Wang Tao Sonic the Hedgehog Idolatry J. K. Rowling Bro'Town Ninth Doctor Adventures The Wheel of Time Style guide MMORPG Vanity 6 Jennifer Rowe Game programming It's Christmas in Canada The Daleks' Master Plan Mary Poppins R. A. Salvatore The Mother Wizard's First Rule Foucault's Pendulum (book) Out-of-print book Mass media David Icke Fumimaro Konoe Fanzine E. E. Cummings Back to the Future Game development W. D. Hamilton Publishing Pakkins' Land Matsuo Bash__ Dad's Army Wilhelm Reich Fathers' rights Richard Paul Evans Jean-Jacques Rousseau Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Robert Browning Science fiction Pre-Adamite Steve Ditko The Fairly OddParents Etgar Keret Linux The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Yearbook Grandview, U.S.A. Inflation Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki 