help on reading fast please read i've just joined a book club thinking it would be like a book a month or so but when i joined they gave me a lot of books which i have to finish in day including today now i can't get out because of my parens naging me of alway quiting everything i try so can someone tell me a secret tht you use to read fast oh yah their all fiction please i need help try focusing on the books that you are able to read as for the others look online for the summary i joined a book club once and it was book a week i only read one and looked on wiki for the other one some people do have lives Interactive fiction Purim Ben Johnson (athlete) Norway national football team Charmed Fight Club Douglas Adams SCO-Linux controversies Ipswich Town F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Yom Kippur The Contender (television series) Paul Is Dead EastEnders Chuck Palahniuk Theory of conduct Make money fast Narayana Guru John the Baptist Liturgical year David Beckham A Series of Unfortunate Events Computer and video game genres Tao Te Ching Farnborough Town F.C. Fictional character Fasting Gene Wolfe Scrooge McDuck Book of Mormon BBC Radio 4 The Emancipation of Mimi Eddie Guerrero Joy Division (band) Scholastic Press Norwich City F.C. Everton F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Education in Romania Nottingham Forest F.C. Jewish holiday Psalms Alex Ferguson Haftarah GED Extreme Programming Year of the Spider Natural Hygiene First Vision Bristol Rugby USS Taylor (DD-468) Peter Cook Arianne Shavuot Eucharistic discipline H2G2 Garfield Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Discordianism Book of Esther Indiana Jones International League Vanilla Ninja Gospel of John The Catcher in the Rye Japanese poetry Easter The Chemical Brothers Spiritism Dylan programming language Tisha B'Av Megatokyo Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Harry Potter J. R. R. Tolkien FA Premier League 1994-95 Ken Wilber Oprah Winfrey Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Oxford United F.C. Diary Book Daikatana L. Frank Baum West Bromwich Albion F.C. Stranger Than Fiction: True Stories The Lord of the Rings The Spy Who Loved Me Lent USS Wedderburn (DD-684) Forth programming language Jack Charlton USS Wallace L. Lind (DD-703) Star Trek The Pilgrim's Progress God and gender The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Social rule History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Literature 