after reading all harry potter books chronicles of narnia i'd like to know more good fantasy type books i have answered this question so many times i decided to dedicate a web site to answer this question here it is http www life after harry potter com included is a list of only the best sorcery fantasy books grade reading level and a short review of each book i hope this helps jim http www jimpettis com wheel The Chronicles of Narnia Harry Potter C. S. Lewis Fictional character Messiahs in fiction and fantasy Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Fantasy Website HyperText Transfer Protocol The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Domain Name System Diana Wynne Jones Apache HTTP Server Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Fan fiction Discworld Harry Potter fandom Harry Potter: Book Seven Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Hermione Granger World Wide Web Chuck Palahniuk High fantasy R.A.B. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Canon (fiction) Ginny Weasley J. K. Rowling J. R. R. Tolkien Web server Neil Gaiman Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Hogwarts Harry Potter in translation A. S. Byatt Fighting Fantasy Game Books Philip Pullman Wget Test (student assessment) Fantasy film Literature Entertainment Weekly Treasure Planet Uniform Resource Locator Anne Rice Sword and sorcery Neville Longbottom Phishing HTTP cookie Magic (paranormal) Frank Herbert Ron Weasley Science fiction PHP Terry Pratchett Magical objects in Harry Potter Severus Snape Minor Hufflepuffs Minor Slytherins Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban SAML Hogwarts Houses Quizbowl Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) The Chronicles of Amber $ale of the Century Scholastic Press Minor Ravenclaws Robert Jordan Dark Lord Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets John Williams (composer) A Course In Miracles Tic-Tac-Dough Web browser Lin Carter The Last Battle Colonel Potter WebDAV GED IPod Legal research The Silver Chair Assessment The Sims Ministry of Magic Webcomic Stephen R. Donaldson Representational State Transfer The Princeton Review Rita Skeeter The Leaky Cauldron (website) Cascading Style Sheets Wheel of Fortune Uniform Resource Identifier Dungeons & Dragons GameFAQs Clark Ashton Smith Anglo-Saxon literature 