ghostwriter i am confused so a ghostwriter does all the work and someone else gets credited for it do they tell if they used a ghostwriter why would you want your name on something that you didn't create just curious is all o well yes kind of a ghostwriter is usually used by celebrities for writing an autobiography i use quotation marks because an autobiography should by written by the person about his her own life if a ghostwriter is used that person is obviously not writing it himself presumably the publisher sees that the celebrity has an interesting story to tell but lacks the necessary writing ability sometimes the by line of the book says as told to and the ghostwriter's name is credited you'd want your name on something you didn't create if it was about your own life told in first person or i suppose if you had a great idea but lacked writing ability you could hire a ghostwriter on the other hand if i was in that situation i would want to credit the book as having co authors presumably ghostwriters are talented enough but perhaps just inexperienced so that they will have books of their own someday Ghostwriter Autobiography Ghostwriter (television series) Mildred Benson Marilyn Monroe C. S. Lewis Stratemeyer Syndicate Stan Lee Charles Fort H. G. Wells Mark Twain Clifford Irving Survivor (novel) Children's literature Barry Goldwater Black Books Pseudonym Laura Ingalls Wilder Quotation J. K. Rowling Narrator Darth Vader Monty Python The Time Machine Credit (creative arts) Jack Kerouac Igor Stravinsky Blonde on Blonde Time travel Predestination Jim Bouton Literature Alexandre Dumas, p__re Milton H. Erickson David Icke Alice Liddell Curious George Theory of conduct Immortality Arthur Machen Krusty the Clown Creation according to Genesis Rose Wilder Lane Arthur C. Clarke Captain Britain Roald Dahl The Star Wars Holiday Special Screenwriting Fight Club Douglas Adams A. A. Milne Plagiarism World Championship Wrestling Frances Farmer George Orwell Arabic literature Science fiction Plame affair Hans Christian Andersen Socrates Bruno Bauer Miracleman Frank Herbert W__adys__aw Reymont Timbaland Extras (sitcom) Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism The Baby-Sitters Club Charmed The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin Gospel of Thomas Gene Wolfe Anne Rice Hunter S. Thompson Ian Fleming Jack Kirby Theodicy W. Mark Felt The Twilight Zone (original series) Roy Keane Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope Fan fiction Goldstein's book Ty Cobb Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Bertrand Russell The Dalek Invasion of Earth Carl Jung Arthur Koestler WGA screenwriting credit system Public domain The Giver The Education of Henry Adams Gottfried Leibniz Work for hire Paradise Lost The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary to Quintessential Phases Unemployment Meaning 