good book to read i'm looking for a good book to read i prefer books that use a simplistic style of prose like harry potter or other kids books but it doesn't have to be a kids book just as long as it doesn't read like shakespeare and any 'classics' or books with the complex prose are off limits they bore me sorry i'm a picky reader thanks in advance ender's game even if you don't like sci fi the mediator series meg cabot agatha christie mysteries fried green tomatoes fannie flagg Agatha Christie Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe Harry Potter Crime fiction Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Young adult literature Literature Whodunit Detective fiction Shaw Festival Ender's Game Miss Marple Hermione Granger Cannibalism Minor Harry Potter Beasts Neil Gaiman William Shakespeare Randall Flagg Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Ender's Game series Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Jane (Ender's Game) Children's literature Ender Wiggin Gene Wolfe Wizard Crime film The Catcher in the Rye Genre fiction Ginny Weasley Novel Dorothy L. Sayers Spoiler (media) Murder, She Wrote The Giver Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Guy Davenport And Then There Were None Speed reading English literature Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Mystery fiction Spider-Man 2 Frank Herbert Colonel Potter The Chronicles of Narnia Fahrenheit 451 The Murder of Roger Ackroyd Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Stephen King Spider-Man: The Animated Series Gradius Hercule Poirot Leo Strauss Walter J. Ong Canon (fiction) In-N-Out Burger Prose Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Zone of the Enders Science fiction Dr. Seuss The Dunciad MacGuffin Translation The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Merlin (wizard) Harold Bloom Ben Johnson (athlete) Harry Potter: Book Seven Philosophical Investigations Sexual revolution Legion of Super-Heroes Douglas Adams Neville Longbottom Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress Barbecue P. G. Wodehouse A Wizard of Earthsea Miguel de Cervantes Locked room mystery Cockney American Flagg! Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Alignment (role-playing games) G. K. Chesterton A. S. Byatt The Famous Five (characters) The Baby-Sitters Club Yggdrasil Harry Potter newspapers and magazines The Demon Headmaster Hangul Stan Freberg Golden Legend A Tale of a Tub The Dark Tower (series) Titans (comics) Yu-Gi-Oh! 