macmillian donald author what are his accreditations i need to find out information about the author donald macmillain i'm not finding any books by a donald macmillain but there are multiple authors named donald macmillan one appears to have been an explorer another a biographer the only one now living is a politician who lost to the incumbent and who has self published a political themed novel through lulu com my opinion of self published fiction is that of it is not worth the paper and ink there are valid uses of lulu and its competitors but this isn't among them Little Lulu Donald A. Wollheim The Washington Times Science fiction Book C. J. Cherryh Paperinik Donald Barthelme Frank Herbert Biography The Apprentice 3 Comic book Donald Duck The Carnivorous Carnival Don Rosa Donald Trump Morley Callaghan H.P. Lovecraft Donald Knuth Surreal number Autograph Roswell UFO incident Robert A. Heinlein Donald E. Westlake Slash fiction C. S. Lewis American comic book Politics Witch Hazel (Disney) V.F.D. Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act George Orwell John Lott U.S. presidential election, 2008 Head of state Donald Tsang The Economist Spy fiction J. R. R. Tolkien Donald Mackay Final Fantasy X Seal (device) Sudoku Carl Barks UFO conspiracy theory The Washington Post Zora Macmillan Publishers Federalist Papers United States dollar Extraterrestrial hypothesis Thomas More Lulu.com Binomial nomenclature Donald Justice Immanuel Velikovsky Children's literature Balfour Declaration, 1917 Lewis Carroll Australian electoral system Paul R. Ehrlich Fair use Take That January 10 Ursula K. Le Guin Donald "Buz" Lukens Thomas Pynchon Case citation Printing press Minor Hufflepuffs Alban Berg Mozilla Firefox Scientific American John Irving The Dukes of Hazzard Japanese literature Donald Richie The New Yorker Flintheart Glomgold Ace Books Random House Westlaw Walter J. Ong Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Live A Live Narrator Ink Southern literature Where's Wally? J. K. Rowling Marshall McLuhan Dissociative identity disorder August Derleth Password The Apprentice 2 Crime fiction Lulu (singer) Pulitzer Prize for Drama 2046 (film) 