can alexandre pato play in uefa champions league with ac milan will alexandre pato the new member of ac milan when he comes in january be able to still participate with milan in the champions league oddo was allowed to even after having bought him in january i think he has to wait until jan rd to play in champions league or serie a matches because of the transfer window issue i don't think champions league matches are considered exhibition matches ac milan officially confirmed the signing of pato on august the transfer fee paid amounts to the minimum fee clause in pato's contract with sc internacional million due to italian football regulations that state non eu minors may not be registered in italy pato will not be able to play official matches for milan until january when the italian transfer window and registration reopens however ac milan will be allowed include the player in exhibition matches and training beginning september one day after his th birthday 2004-05 in English football Real Madrid The Football League National Football League Alex Ferguson Denis Law Chelsea F.C. Internazionale Serie A Football (soccer) Portsmouth F.C. Andriy Shevchenko Gabriel Batistuta Milan Baro__ David Beckham Manchester United 1986-1999 Michael Owen 2004-05 NHL lockout Leeds United F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. FC Barcelona Salary cap Roberto Baggio Everton F.C. Major League Baseball American Football League Wayne Rooney Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. 2005-06 in English football Newcastle United F.C. Troms__ I.L. Bundesliga (football) Raith Rovers F.C. Manchester United F.C. Ruud van Nistelrooy Playoff format World Chess Championship Liverpool F.C. Ali Daei Professional sports Paolo Maldini FA Premier League 2004-05 European/South American Cup Patrick Kluivert Celtic F.C. Ronaldo Futebol Clube do Porto Norway national football team UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Dennis Bergkamp Ipswich Town F.C. Steven Gerrard 2001-02 in English football Dundee United F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Playoff United States Football League 2003-04 in Portuguese football Jaap Stam Gianni Rivera F.C. United of Manchester Minor league baseball Clube Atl__tico Mineiro IFK G__teborg League Cup Rangers F.C. Arsenal F.C. February 2005 in sports 2005-06 in Scottish football Alessandro Nesta Deportivo de La Coru__a FA Cup Turkish Football Federation Steve McManaman Jari Litmanen UEFA Cup Juventus F.C. Amateurism Zin__dine Zidane August 2005 in sports Reserve clause Football in Sweden Claudio Ranieri F.K. Bod__/Glimt West Bromwich Albion F.C. Sport in the United Kingdom Campeonato Brasileiro Football World Cup 1994 baseball strike November 2004 in sports FA Premier League 1995-96 Kak__ 