wich presidents have used keynesian economics in their presidensy roosevelt truman lbj Lyndon B. Johnson New Deal American liberalism Franklin D. Roosevelt Keynesian economics Henry Morgenthau, Jr. Air Force One Harry S. Truman John Kenneth Galbraith Bess Truman W. Averell Harriman John Maynard Keynes Fred M. Vinson Economy of the United States Monetarism President of the United States Hubert H. Humphrey Eleanor Roosevelt Business cycle US health reform under Truman Harry Dexter White Vice President of the United States Bretton Woods system U.S. presidential election, 1948 Henry A. Wallace Earl Warren Warren Commission Democratic Party (United States) Reaganomics William O. Douglas Macroeconomics White House Progressive Party (United States) Douglas MacArthur Clark M. Clifford Recession Trickle down effect George F. Kennan A. Philip Randolph John Nance Garner Herbert Hoover Neo-Keynesian Economics Harold L. Ickes Lewis B. Schwellenbach Robert H. Jackson Economics Four Freedoms History of the United States National Security Council 1947-1953 Camp David John Connally History of the United States (1918-1945) Bernard Baruch Harold Hitz Burton Great Depression Employment Act Executive order Supply-side economics Carter Doctrine Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents Post-Keynesian economics Trading with the Enemy Act Vietnam War U.S. National Monument Stagflation Aggregate demand Washington National Cathedral General Theory of Employment Interest and Money Frances Perkins US health reform under Carter Gold standard Say's law United States Customs Service Conservative Democrat Jimmy Carter Reagan Democrat Paul V. McNutt Sherman Minton Market failure International Monetary Fund Fala Adlai Stevenson Boom and bust Liberalism U.S. presidential election, 1960 Board of Economic Warfare Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer Inflation Puerto Rico History of the United States (1945-1964) William McChesney Martin, Jr. William Donovan Presidential library New classical economics Austrian School Zbigniew Brzezinski Margaret Truman Henry L. Stimson Cold War (1947-1953) and its origins 