does anyone know the average length of a short story someone told me that i should write some short stories and submit them to local magazines and stuff and try to get them published i'm working towards being an author but you have to start small i didn't realize it but i'm not sure how long short to make my short story so if anyone knows could they help i am a writer too and the easiest way to find out is to look in the novel and short story writer's market book it's a great book because it tells you exactly what different magazines and journals look for genres and lengths some will say they accept short shorts which are more like vignettes than stories they can be a sentence long seriously though it seems to me that most of these magazines want stories that are around words or pages in length there's no rule though just look at poe some of his stories were pages in general i'd stick to under ten pages Short story Literature Grant Morrison Chuck Palahniuk Science fiction Harlan Ellison The Foundation Series Crime fiction Genre fiction Amiga Power Mystery fiction The New Yorker Arthur Machen Novel Extreme Programming Screenplay Donald Barthelme Screenwriting Doctor Who spin-offs Thomas Ligotti A Series of Unfortunate Events Crossword History of science fiction Carl Barks Edgar Allan Poe Gene Wolfe Charles Fort News style Ursula K. Le Guin Don Rosa Mach kernel Self-publishing Lolita Herman Charles Bosman Thomas M. Disch Children's literature Anton Chekhov Samuel Beckett Erotic literature Literature of the United States Kodocha Publishing Canadian Aboriginal Syllabics Ambrose Bierce Songwriter Comic book Science fiction magazine The Body (Short Story) Yu-Gi-Oh! Frank Herbert Amazing Stories Manga Hackers (short stories) E. E. Cummings Slash fiction Terry Pratchett Plame affair Gary Gygax Vasily Grossman Orson Scott Card Charles Dickens Palanca Awards Book Fan fiction Anne Rice Reader's Digest Michael J. Bernard The Martian Chronicles MAD Magazine Agatha Christie Jack London J. Michael Straczynski James Joyce C. S. Lewis Entertainment Weekly Chronology of the Ancient Near East Clark Ashton Smith Ernest Hemingway Nikolai Mikhailovich Karamzin John O'Hara Irish fiction Eddie Campbell The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Cthulhu mythos arcane literature Vowel length Germaine Greer Japanese literature Fair use Guy Davenport Jack Kerouac House of Leaves Intelligent design Neil Gaiman Scientific journal The New York Times Alice Munro Hubert Selby Jr. Essay Michael Collins (author) 