harry potter im a senior in highschool and i want to read a book i want to read for fun and to improve my reading skills to retake on the sat's would the th harry potter book be appropriate for me or it is for younger kids only and if it is for younger kids only what would be a good interesting enjoyable book for a senior i like fantasy ive read can i still read the th well people of almost any age enjoy the harry potter books they're not just for little kids however if you're looking to improve your reading skills to help when you retake the sat's i would strongly suggest reading something more serious than harry potter simply because the readings on the sat are dry and dull and boring i took them and did really quite well and if you're not practiced reading analytically then it doesn't matter how well you can read something light and fun such as harry potter even if people of all ages have read it that said do read the harry potter book even if you feel compelled to read a more literary book in preparation for the sat's harry potter is a really fun read a great book good fantasy and apropriate for all ages Harry Potter Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Hermione Granger Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Magic (Harry Potter) Ron Weasley Harry Potter in translation Human sexual behavior Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Literature The Chronicles of Narnia Luna Lovegood Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire J. K. Rowling Fictional character Harry Potter: Book Seven Speed reading Minor Harry Potter Beasts Ginny Weasley Luck Severus Snape C. S. Lewis Sport Harry Potter newspapers and magazines Minor Hufflepuffs Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Sequel GED Draco Malfoy Fan fiction Anne Rice The Devil Wears Prada Mary Sue American and British English differences Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Diagon Alley Harry Potter (character) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) Fantasy film Kylie Minogue Philosopher's stone Dates in Harry Potter Spoiler (media) Young adult literature Emma Watson Scientology beliefs and practices Abington School District v. Schempp Gryffindors in Harry Potter's year Parachuting Milton H. Erickson Theory of conduct Education in Romania A. S. Byatt High fantasy A Wizard of Earthsea Alexander Technique Albus Dumbledore Treehouse of Horror XII Bernard Williams Deconstruction History of the English Bible The Cat in the Hat Hannibal Lecter Pottery Amateur astronomy Magical beasts (Harry Potter) R.A.B. High school Neville Longbottom Harry Potter fandom Minor Slytherins Irregular Webcomic! ELO rating system Avenue Q Time travel The Giver Government of France Big Read Wizarding world Hogwarts Houses Hogwarts Floor Directory Minor characters associated with Quidditch Beatrix Potter Alignment (role-playing games) Motif of harmful sensation J. R. R. Tolkien Bondage (BDSM) Literacy Fred and George Weasley Ancient Greek literature Wizard Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game) Treasure Planet Canon (fiction) Fighting Fantasy Game Books 