what the crap is the name of this story please help ok when i was in school there was this short story they made us read it was about this house that made breakfast and ran bath water and read poetry well something happened i guess a nuclear explosion or something and all the people were gone but the house still did everything like the people were there i was just thinking about it and i couldn't remember what is was called and now it's driving me crazy so if you know please tell me and the author too please and thank you the story you're thinking of is there will come soft rains by ray bradbury the story incorporates lines of a poem by sara teasdale after it was published as a stand alone story it was later incorporated into bradbury's fix up novel a novel made out of short stories the martian chronicles below is a link to the story online Ray Bradbury Sara Teasdale Fahrenheit 451 Science fiction Soft science fiction C. S. Lewis Kim Stanley Robinson Craps Frank Herbert Leigh Brackett Edgar Allan Poe Philip K. Dick Barsoom series Sonic the Hedgehog Short story Blackjack Isaac Asimov Beat generation Literature English poetry Lyric poetry The Illustrated Man Anglo-Saxon literature Kurt Vonnegut Minor characters from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Blood on the Tracks Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Shaggy dog story Japanese literature Nuclear fallout Philosophical skepticism Harlan Ellison Michael J. Bernard Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Fahrenheit 9/11 Rudyard Kipling Malcolm Bradbury The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) The Butterfly Effect Charles Bukowski Newbery Honor The Twilight Zone Canonical hours Clark Ashton Smith A Sound of Thunder Roswell UFO incident Bath Springfield Elementary School Treehouse of Horror V Nuclear fission Ulysses (novel) Douglas Adams Victor Hugo Dangerous Visions H.P. Lovecraft Robert Graves Waka Book John Kerry Buck Rogers (science fiction) Orson Scott Card Gambling Los Alamos National Laboratory Mars in fiction Everything2 J. R. R. Tolkien Erotic literature Year of the Spider Conan the Barbarian The Clash Royal Assent Claude McKay MoveOn The Lovely Bones Jim Steranko Dr. Seuss Bob and George Novel Fight Club Martian Manhunter Scrabble (game show) The Raven The Hobbit Dylan Thomas Dorothy Parker Science fiction magazine Frank Belknap Long Modernism Jon Secada Meter (poetry) Sara Sidle Science fiction on television Jack Kerouac Lancelot Walter Savage Landor Judy Blume Camille Paglia Whose Line Is It Anyway? 