what are some good books preferrably fantasy i just need a book for when i go camping nothing too long have u tried stardust by neil gaiman he wrote several other fantasy n science fiction book here's some of my fav fantasy authors terry pratchet elizabeth kostova dan brown i'm not sure if his books is considered fantasy or not Neil Gaiman Terry Pratchett Gene Wolfe Fantasy American Gods Fantasy subgenres Science fiction Stardust (book) Fighting Fantasy Game Books World Fantasy Award for Best Novel Necronomicon Eisner Award DC Comics Neverwhere Science fantasy Hugo Award Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book Terry Goodkind High fantasy Literature Hugo Award for Best Related Book The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) G. K. Chesterton Wizard Steampunk L. Sprague de Camp World Fantasy Award for Best Novella Lin Carter BSFA award The Chronicles of Narnia Fictional universe Edward E. Kramer Clive Barker Good Omens Diana Wynne Jones Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser British Fantasy Award Mythopoeic Awards Julius Schwartz Ursula K. Le Guin H.P. Lovecraft Dave McKean Fantasy film Colleen Doran Margaret Atwood Discworld Contemporary fantasy Hugo Award for Best Fanzine Norse mythology The Historian Michael Moorcock Harry Potter The Encyclopedia of Fantasy Gary Gygax Science fiction magazine Mona Lisa Grant Morrison Douglas Adams Miracleman Cerebus the Aardvark Mark Twain The Flash Girls The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Pittsburgh Steelers Terry Gilliam Fantasy world C. J. Cherryh George Edgar Slusser Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Dragon Con Thomas M. Disch L. Frank Baum Dan Simmons Role-playing game R. A. Salvatore Frank Belknap Long Robert Sheckley The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction Frank Herbert Hugo Award for Best Semiprozine John Dee Hemispheres (1978 album) Marion Zimmer Bradley Baen Books J. K. Rowling History of fantasy Modern Age of Comic Books Ace Books Dark Shadows Martha Soukup Orson Scott Card Andre Norton Science fiction fandom Donald A. Wollheim Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Pen name Horror fiction Emma Bull Dan Brown 