what is the order of these susan carroll books i can't figure out the order of this trilogy by susan carroll the night drifter midnight bride the bride finder anyone know look at the copyright or publishing date to find the order they were written in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Lewis Carroll Douglas Adams Satyajit Ray The Chronicles of Narnia Susan Sontag William Goldman World Fantasy Award for Best Novel Neil Gaiman H.P. Lovecraft Susan Hill Ramsey Campbell Robertson Davies Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Mercedes Lackey Prior restraint Mail-order bride The Foundation Series Jim Carroll The Shadows Philip Pullman Finders Keepers John Dickson Carr The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Fan fiction Nora Roberts My Family (television) The Drifters Cliff Richard Augusta, Lady Gregory Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Harold Sydney Bride C. S. Lewis J. K. Rowling Alice Liddell Crown copyright Choose Your Own Adventure Frankenstein Leo G. Carroll Peter Pan Aleister Crowley H.D. Marshall McLuhan Hank Williams, Jr. British Fantasy Award Mervyn Peake Fantastic Four Tor Books Barbara Stanwyck Book of Esther The Little Mermaid (film) Male prostitute Alice's Adventures in Wonderland The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Primary and Secondary Phases Unreleased Madonna songs Isaac Asimov's Robot Series Jonathan Carroll John George Phillips Quentin Crisp R. A. Salvatore Midnight Hammer Film Productions Principia Discordia Harlan Ellison Peter F. Hamilton Goosebumps Isaac Asimov The Princess Bride The Five Doctors Cthulhu mythos reference codes and bibliography S.M. Stirling The Dalek Invasion of Earth Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Tangram Cinderella Desire (album) James Bond Jacqueline Lichtenberg John Cheever Copyright law of the United Kingdom Michael Moorcock The Brady Bunch Joan Crawford Malcolm Saville Bride price Anti-Tom literature Carroll O'Connor The Book of One Thousand and One Nights Academy Award for Film Editing Disney's House of Mouse RMS Titanic Uncle Tom's Cabin Sergey Lukyanenko Finder (comic) The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland Illuminates of Thanateros Merlin (wizard) History of modern literature Rudyard Kipling 