any authors people who just like writing please answer i love writing poetry stories u name it i was wondering if there were any authors or wanna be authorson yahoo or just people who like writing my yahoo writing group please join http groups yahoo com group writewriters i love to write i aspire to write in a way that i can earn a living from it and i have also suffered a very bad period in my life where i was a technical writer and thankfully someone in a writing group i went to said your story telling reads just like the instruction manuals you write in the day time thankfully as well i have been out of work for nearly two years and thus have drifted away from that awful scar on my style as for the time to write well i am also the stay at home parent to three kids since i'm the one who cannot get a job so call me a wannabe for now rp Arabic literature Anglo-Saxon literature Sant Thakar Singh Novel Avenue Q Literature Japanese literature Trapped in the Closet One Tree Hill (TV series) C. S. Lewis The Ashlee Simpson Show Code: Lyoko Michael J. Bernard Japanese poetry Initial D Survivor (novel) Chuck Palahniuk J. D. Salinger The Karate Kid, Part III Children's literature Blankets (graphic novel) Something Awful Victorian literature The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Cliff Richard Orson Scott Card Anne Rice The Shining (film) Arthur Machen The Tale of Genji L. Frank Baum Franz Kafka Spice Girls Charles Dickens Rich Mullins The Isley Brothers The Catcher in the Rye Jack London Mariah Carey (album) Rod Stewart The King's Regiment (Liverpool) Transactional analysis Langston Hughes Lou Gehrig Desire (album) Korean literature John Howard Yoder Beavis and Butt-head Tom Jones (singer) Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an HTTP cookie H. G. Wells Jon Secada Simone Weil Paradise Lost Hans Christian Andersen Whitney Houston Kender John O'Hara The Apprentice 2 H.P. Lovecraft Charles Bukowski Justification (theology) Badly Drawn Kitties Bible Erotic literature Socrates Love Wget Max Martin Hong Kong English Fight Club Zitkala-Sa Church of Christ, Scientist Past teachings of Prem Rawat Author Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Sin City English poetry The Death Gate Cycle Teachers (film) Whose Line Is It Anyway? The Body (Short Story) Gerina Dunwich BASIC programming language H.D. Education in the People's Republic of China Writer Poetry The Long Game Mercury Atlas 6 William Butler Yeats The Lion King Yuri (animation) Eli Siegel Wolf's Rain Fruits Basket The Bag On Line Adventures Darth Vader 