who is your favorite author or your favorite book i am and i hate to read if it isnt interesting welll thanks for the help i like those kind of books that are in an old fashioned english setting where society social status and match making were important like in pride and prejudice jane austen eight cousins louisa may alcott and it's sequel rose in bloom louisa may alcott Pride and Prejudice Louisa May Alcott Jane Austen Metonymy Pride and Prejudice (BBC) Sense and Sensibility Homeschooling Novel Little Women Prejudice English literature Emma The African Queen Daniel Chester French Homophobia Concord, Massachusetts Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts Bath Amos Bronson Alcott Bride and Prejudice Persuasion (novel) E. L. Konigsburg Orson Scott Card H. L. Mencken Walter Scott Isaac Asimov Big Read Jean-Jacques Rousseau Regency dance Brighton Romance novel Aishwarya Rai Aldous Huxley Blood purity (Harry Potter) Penelope Wilton Jane Eyre Mansfield Park Victorian literature Gay rights Giacomo Leoni Fahrenheit 451 St. John's College, U. S. Hard Times Allan Bloom Transcendentalism Grunge music Bloom County Mary Wollstonecraft Gilded Generation Philip Roth Anne Boleyn Death Race 2000 Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay H. G. Wells Pride and Prejudice (2005 film) Gender role Bridget Jones The Wayside Francis Galton Postmodernism Bisexuality Literature of the United States Harvard Classics Harold Bloom Mary Jane Watson Henry James Sr. Sequel Catherine Gore Brian Jones (musician) Book George Borrow YuYu Hakusho History of modern literature Class in the contemporary United States Martin Amis Daria Newfoundland English Geraldine Brooks The Giver English novel What a Way to Go! The Foundation Series J. B. S. Haldane Ultimate Muscle Gay slang Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Racism Goldstein's book Anti-Semitism Australian literature BBC television drama Fee tail Theory of conduct Epistolary novel Jane Goodall Deconstruction Neurotypical First Impressions Fashion 