historical fiction books i love historical fictions especially about england ireland and colonial usa do you have good recommedations i just completed two of shaara's books and loved them try the journeyer by gary jennings sho gun and pillars of the earth these are of my favorite books ones you can read over and over be warned they are each over pages but by the time they end you are disappointed to lose your friends The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Douglas Adams Lost in Space REO Speedwagon The Killer Angels Waylon Jennings Gary Gygax The Foundation Series YuYu Hakusho Norway national football team Buddy Holly The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy The Spy Who Loved Me Doctor Emmett Brown On the Road Mutiny on the Bounty (fiction) Avenue Q Aubrey-Maturin series C. S. Lewis Atlantis: The Lost Empire Lebor Gab__la __renn Hajj For Love of the Game The Sisters of Mercy Shodo Troms__ I.L. Laurens van der Post The Giver Guns N' Roses The Lord of the Rings J. R. R. Tolkien Country music Neil Gaiman The Chemical Brothers Seven Pillars of Wisdom Dean Koontz Carl Barks The Book of Five Rings Jack Kerouac One Life to Live Daredevil Harry Potter Jen (Power Rangers) True Crime: Streets of LA Choose Your Own Adventure Modesty Blaise Lazarus Long Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Toni Morrison Gravity's Rainbow Gargoyles (animated series) Martin Amis Philippine-American War Lewis and Clark Expedition Herg__ Historical novel Gerald Durrell Peter Jennings England national rugby union team Ken Grimwood Rudyard Kipling New Testament Royal Assent Taylor Caldwell End times Bushido Pok__mon Chronicles Paul Jennings (Australian author) Cerebus the Aardvark Puritan The Old Man and the Sea Cleveland Browns Back to the Future timeline A Series of Unfortunate Events Jennifer Lopez H. G. Wells Jack Kirby Kurt Cobain Van Halen Jonathan Lethem Morley Callaghan Anne of Great Britain Nottingham Forest F.C. W.I.T.C.H. Indiana Jones Alice Liddell Governor General's Award for English language fiction Gary Stevens Johnny Cash Stranger in a Strange Land Irish mythology Gospel of Thomas Ireland national rugby league team Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Oroonoko Swami Vivekananda Martian Successor Nadesico Paradise Lost Anglican views of homosexuality 