what are u reading what is the best book that u have read so far or what's your favorite any suggestions on which book i should read next i like non fiction current events or self improvement books anything i would love some suggestions please have you tried the house of sand and fog i read it a year or so ago and it's fiction a good read but it deals with a lot of the culture issues that we are facing right now between american and islamic cultures i think they made a movie out of it i think the best book i've read in a while was the thirteenth tale not a lot to do with current events or non fiction but such a beautifully well written and well crafted story Fictional character Literature Tolkien fandom The Foundation Series A Series of Unfortunate Events Book of Esther Anne Rice Novel C. S. Lewis Conan the Barbarian Saul Bellow Mythology Frank Herbert Jorge Luis Borges Magic (paranormal) Canon (fiction) Children's literature Science fiction magazine Science fiction Neil Gaiman Moses Necronomicon Star Trek Science fiction on television The Wonderful Wizard of Oz The Twilight Zone Japanese literature Daniel Pipes Arthur C. Clarke Norse saga The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Thomas Pynchon Ursula K. Le Guin Mutiny on the Bounty (fiction) Anglo-Saxon literature Samuel R. Delany Crime fiction Kim Stanley Robinson LDS fiction Arabic literature Cthulhu mythos Book of Mormon Chuck Palahniuk Three Laws of Robotics Literacy Fight Club Canadian literature Historical novel H.P. Lovecraft Burning Man Creation according to Genesis Tl__n, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius The Cyberiad Jim Steranko Clark Ashton Smith Expanded Universe (Star Wars) The Handmaid's Tale Little House on the Prairie J. Michael Straczynski Stephen King Edgar Allan Poe Charles Dickens 'Salem's Lot Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Miyamoto Musashi Akatsuki (Naruto) Philosophy The Tale of Genji Atlas Comics (1950s) Crime film Cult film Manga Mark Twain House of Sand and Fog Mercedes Lackey The Bible and history Modesty Blaise J. R. R. Tolkien Polygamy Glen Jacobs 13th century Master (Doctor Who) John Bellairs Jack Kirby Iranian architecture Islam The Faerie Queene American comic book The Dark Knight Returns Xenu The Chronicles of Narnia Mary Wollstonecraft Scenes from a Memory Archaeology and the Book of Mormon Storytelling Book The Culture Strange Tales Paul Gallico 