i have an idea for a book how do i check if it's already been done this is a great idea but i am not sure if it's already been done how do i find out it's a non fiction story about people in mid life who decide to change careers i am sure there are a million books out there like this but i don't want to put in all the effort and have a problem with plagerism help be yourself and the book will be great i am totally sure Carl Barks Canon (fiction) Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas Science fiction Alcoholics Anonymous Transactional analysis C. S. Lewis The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Fight Club The Foundation Series Avenue Q Don Rosa D'ni Extreme Programming Mach kernel Freeters The Catcher in the Rye Mao: The Unknown Story Debugging Independence Party (Iceland) J. K. Rowling Arthur C. Clarke Crisis on Infinite Earths Anti-Mormonism Catch Me If You Can Culture of Lithuania Macroevolution Error correction and detection The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex Book Theory of conduct Anne Rice Extraterrestrial life Gerald Durrell SETI CPU cache Donald Barthelme Interactive fiction Neal Stephenson Eric Bischoff Oasis (band) Street-Legal Chess strategy and tactics Orson Scott Card Star Trek: Enterprise The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Jon Secada A Beautiful Mind F. Matthias Alexander Red Hot Chili Peppers Francis Crick Ecotopia Non-fiction I Ching Publication of Darwin's theory Domain Name System Permanent Revolution Riverworld Kasparov versus The World Steve Ditko Social rule Kyoto Protocol Predestination paradox Game development Douglas Adams Rodney McKay Great Leap Forward Yoga Sutras of Patanjali Thomas M. Disch Dissociative identity disorder The Daleks' Master Plan Cthulhu mythos Frank Herbert House of Leaves Grant Morrison Imaginary antecedent History of the Internet Technological singularity Survivor (novel) Milton H. Erickson Ye Shengtao Objective-C Baroque chess Isaac Asimov's Robot Series History of the Beatles Mark Twain Daylight saving time U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Miyamoto Musashi Escape from New York St. Louis Blues (hockey) Chuck Palahniuk Calculus History of the English Bible Intelligent design Current teachings of Prem Rawat The Shadows Fermi paradox Software engineering 