hey friends what are the best novels i can read english only i like fantasy novels detective novels comedy novels hey friends i like harry potter books and also heared about mario puzo what are very cool novels that i must read to kill my time mario puzzo not that novel that kids read detective comedy and some novels that a year old boy can read and enjoy reading terry pratchett comes to mind he's a fantasy comedy author of the popular discworld novels Discworld Terry Pratchett Witches (Discworld) Wizard Neil Gaiman Harry Potter Gnome Minor Discworld concepts Discworld Noir Big Read Literature Discworld (world) Mario Puzo Terry Gilliam High fantasy C. S. Lewis Dark Lord Detective fiction Discworld 2 The Light Fantastic Death (personification) Eric Idle J. K. Rowling Meta-reference Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Johnny Maxwell Fantasy subgenres Fantasy Elf Equal Rites Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone The Giver Young adult literature Discworld MUD Stephen Briggs Crime fiction Novel Many worlds and possible worlds in literature and art The Colour of Magic Harry Potter: Book Seven Douglas Adams Lin Carter Irregular Webcomic! The Librarian (Discworld) Situation comedy Ankh-Morpork Super Mario Bros. Hannibal Lecter Hey Arnold! The Science of Discworld Librarian Harry Potter in translation Good Omens The Last Hero The Science of Discworld II: The Globe Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Genre fiction Dorothy L. Sayers Mafia Fighting Fantasy Game Books Mario Golf Joseph Heller Canon (fiction) Guilds of Ankh-Morpork The Foundation Series Gryffindors in Harry Potter's year Pixie P. G. Wodehouse Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Super Mario World Fictional character Sherlock Holmes Dragon Children's literature Ephebe (Discworld) Luck Dwarfs (Discworld) British sitcom The Chronicles of Narnia Severus Snape Nac Mac Feegle Fantasy Elves Ponder Stibbons Hogwarts Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Conan the Barbarian Manga British humour The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Romance novel Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Tolkien fandom Jack Cohen (scientist) Sequel His Dark Materials Rincewind Nestl__ Smarties Book Prize Thud! 