what novel are you currently reading did anyone suggest this to you i am reading water for elephants by sara gruen beautiful novel love the characters and more yes this novel was suggested by a friend we wanted to read it together and share our reads together but now i'm the only one reading it i just started stranger than fiction by chuck palahniuk i have finished all his other books some including survivor invisible monsters and choke were so good i didnt just suggest them but i gave away my copy and bought at least more of each which i have also scattered among my friends Chuck Palahniuk Fight Club Stranger Than Fiction: True Stories Fictional character Haunted (novel) Conan the Barbarian The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde Cannibalism Survivor (novel) Fantastic Four The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius Doctor Who spin-offs Transgressional fiction Blood on the Tracks Agatha Christie Fictional book Stranger (Myst) Ernest Hemingway Choke (novel) Mark Calaway Avenue Q RuneScape quests Sharon Tate Stranger in a Strange Land Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Resident Evil (video game) Episodes of Lost (Season 1) A Beautiful Mind Kodocha Beauty and the Beast (1991 film) Modesty Blaise Harry Potter Motif of harmful sensation Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Strangers with Candy Lost in Space Alan Moore Fictional crossover Elephant Code: Lyoko Yu-Gi-Oh! Existentialism Love Teen Girl Squad Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch Lullaby (novel) Desire (album) Alice Liddell Doppelg__nger The Giver Black comedy Minotaur Fox Feature Syndicate Fight Club (film) Leviathan Japanese language Funeral The Realm of the Elderlings/Characters Master (Doctor Who) The Amazing Race Piccolo (Dragon Ball) Marilyn Monroe Dr. Seuss Novel Sonic the Hedgehog FoxTrot Robert A. Heinlein Glen Jacobs L. S. Lowry Peter Cook Garfield Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Marvel Comics Gettysburg Address Archie Comics J. R. R. Tolkien James Bond Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Choose Your Own Adventure I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Crime fiction Public library Predestination paradox Anne Rice Kaliyan Charmed Characters of The Sandman Vladimir Peter Tytla Mein Kampf H. G. Wells Legend of Mana Wheel of Fortune C. S. Lewis Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Rose (Doctor Who) Lady Frieda Harris Zeus Frank Herbert 