Immune function and anti-HTLV-I/II status in anti-HIV-1-negative intravenous drug users receiving methadone.
 PURPOSE: The study objective was to evaluate the effects of long-term methadone use and human T-cell leukemia virus (HTLV) types I and II seropositivity on the distribution of lymphocyte subsets and on lymphocyte function as measured in vitro in intravenous drug users seronegative for human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1).
 PATIENTS AND METHODS: Anti-HIV-1-negative intravenous drug users receiving methadone maintenance therapy (n = 24) were studied in a Veterans Administration drug abuse treatment center.
 These subjects were compared to 38 age- and sex-matched control subjects who did not abuse drugs.
 HIV-1 and HTLV serostatus was determined by repetitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and confirmed by immunoblot.
 Lymphocyte subsets were determined by two-color flow cytometry.
 Lymphocyte function was measured by proliferative response to plant mitogens and by natural killer (NK) cell-mediated cytotoxicity to a tumor cell target.
 RESULTS: Significant differences were seen in lymphocyte phenotype in the methadone-treated group, with elevations in the T-cell helper subset CD4+CD26+; in CD8 and CD8+I2+ cells, suppressor/cytotoxic T lymphocytes, and activated suppressor/cytotoxic T cells; and in CD2+CD26+ cells and activated total T lymphocytes.
 Lymphocyte function was suppressed in the methadone group, with poor responses to pokeweed mitogen and phytohemagglutinin in culture.
 Moreover, NK-cell cytotoxicity was significantly reduced in the methadone group.
 None of these immunologic differences were attributable to HTLV serostatus.
 CONCLUSION: The immune abnormalities seen suggest that a clinically significant degree of immune impairment exists in methadone-treated intravenous drug users.
 However, these abnormalities could not be explained by the presence of other retroviruses in this HIV-1-negative study group, as there was no significant difference in immune function when HTLV-seropositive patients were compared to HTLV-seronegative subjects treated with methadone.
