Mechanical cardiopulmonary support for refractory cardiogenic shock.
 From February 1982 to February 1990, 38 patients (30 male patients and 8 female patients) ranging in age from 10 to 78 years (mean 49.4 years) have been supported with arteriovenous extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) at St.
 Louis University Medical Center as a resuscitative system for cardiac arrest or cardiogenic shock.
 All patients were unresponsive to conventional resuscitative measures including an intraaortic balloon pump in 25 patients.
 Patients were resuscitated in the intensive care unit, cardiac catheterization laboratory, or the emergency department.
 Diagnosis varied from acute myocardial infarctions (12 patients), ischemic disease (15 patients), end-stage cardiomyopathy (7 patients), congenital heart disease (3 patients), or postoperative cardiac transplant graft rejection (1 patient).
 Three patients could not be resuscitated with ECMO because of low flow, but the remaining 35 (92%) achieved hemodynamic stability with ECMO flows greater than 2 L/min/m2.
 Duration of support ranged from 0.5 to 130 hours (mean 28 hours).
 Twenty-four patients were successfully weaned from ECMO support after coronary artery bypass (five patients), cardiac transplantation (two patients), or ventricular assist device insertion (eight patients), or with inotropic support (nine patients).
 Of the 14 patients not weaned, three were inadequately resuscitated, two had percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty while receiving ECMO, and nine were not candidates for further intervention.
 Nine (24%) patients were discharged and are long-term survivors.
 Our results indicate that resuscitative ECMO is useful for intervals of 12 to 24 hours and can best be applied with (1) patients younger than 60 years of age; (2) patients having acute events (failed percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty) amenable to surgical intervention; and (3) candidates for cardiac transplantation who could be switched to more sophisticated devices within 12 to 24 hours of ECMO insertion.
 With these criteria, ECMO, when used as a resuscitative system, can result in increased survival in selected patients with refractory cardiogenic shock or cardiac arrest.
