Left ventricular passive diastolic properties in chronic mitral regurgitation.
 BACKGROUND.
 In chronic mitral regurgitation, the myocardium responds to the increased filling volume by geometric alteration and eccentric hypertrophy.
 This study was designed to evaluate the effects of a pure volume overload on left ventricular diastolic chamber and myocardial properties and to assess the relation of passive diastolic function to systolic ejection performance.
 METHODS AND RESULTS.
 By use of simultaneous cineangiography and left ventricular micromanometry, left ventricular passive diastolic stiffness was evaluated in nine normal controls (group 1), 14 patients with chronic mitral regurgitation and a normal ejection fraction (greater than or equal to 57%, group 2), and 13 patients with mitral regurgitation and a reduced ejection fraction (less than 57%, group 3).
 Passive diastolic function was evaluated by using a three-constant elastic model.
 Left ventricular chamber properties were represented by the relation of pressure to volume; myocardial properties were evaluated by relating myocardial midwall stress to midwall strain.
 The constant of left ventricular chamber stiffness was decreased in group 2 compared with controls (p less than 0.05) but it was normal in group 3.
 The constant of myocardial stiffness was increased in group 3 compared with groups 1 and 2 (p less than 0.01).
 Among patients with mitral regurgitation, there was a significant inverse relation between ejection fraction and the constant of myocardial stiffness (r = -0.83).
 CONCLUSIONS.
 The chronic adaptation to volume overload in chronic mitral regurgitation tends to decrease left ventricular chamber stiffness.
 Patients with mitral regurgitation and a depressed ejection fraction demonstrated diastolic myocardial dysfunction.
 Compromised diastolic function in patients with chronic mitral regurgitation and reduced systolic performance may contribute to the clinical manifestations of congestive heart failure.
