Physiological assessment of sensitivity of noninvasive testing for coronary artery disease.
 The sensitivity of three noninvasive tests for coronary artery disease was assessed by means of quantitative indexes of disease severity in three different groups of patients.
 The overall population consisted of 110 subjects with limited coronary artery disease and no myocardial infarction.
 Planar dipyridamole-201Tl scintigraphy was evaluated in 31 patients, computer-assisted exercise treadmill in 28, and high-dose dipyridamole echocardiography testing in 51.
 Sensitivity was assessed by rigorous gold standards to define disease severity, such as measurement of minimum cross-sectional area and percent area of stenosis, by quantitative computerized coronary angiography (Brown/Dodge method).
 On the basis of the results of previous studies, the presence of physiologically significant coronary artery disease was indicated by a stenotic minimum cross-sectional area (MCSA) of less than 2.0 mm2 or a greater than 75% area of stenosis.
 With MCSA as the gold standard, dipyridamole-201Tl scintigraphy, computerized exercise treadmill, and dipyridamole echocardiography testing showed sensitivities of 52%, 54%, and 61%, respectively, in the three different patient cohorts enrolled.
 With percent area of stenosis as the gold standard, the sensitivity figures obtained for dipyridamole-201Tl, computerized exercise treadmill, and dipyridamole echocardiography testing were 64%, 54%, and 69%, respectively.
 For each of the three tests, sensitivity increased with increasing lesion severity.
 Sensitivity was also better in patients with left anterior descending coronary (LAD) disease when compared with patients with left circumflex or right coronary artery disease.
 Results of these studies, which were obtained with more strict patient selection criteria and by more rigorous gold standards than previous studies, demonstrate that in patients with limited coronary artery disease none of the tests evaluated is definitely superior in sensitivity.
