Drug abuse and headache.
 Substance abuse has been reported frequently in chronic headache patients.
 The problem exists in most Western countries.
 Abuse of various compounds frequently leads to a state of dependency.
 Prescription as well as over-the-counter agents are often abused.
 Aspirin, acetaminophen, and caffeine are the most frequently abused compounds.
 Butalbital, ergot alkaloids, NSAIDS, and narcotic and oral or intranasal sympathomimetics are often abused.
 Patients with chronic daily headache complain of symptoms that may suggest a mixed-type headache.
 Features of migraine and muscle contraction headache often coexist in these individuals.
 It has been suggested that the most frequent cause for the transformation of a periodic headache into a daily headache is substance abuse.
 Substance abuse and drug dependency have multiple causes, and the etiology will reside with the compounds that are used to excess.
 The problem may arise as a result of poor instructions from the physician, improper diagnosis with gradual escalation in amounts of drug consumed, or a reinforcement mechanism and a brain stimulation-reward effect.
 The brain reward system has been studied with narcotics and psychomotor stimulants.
 It may be activated to a lesser degree with ergotamine, barbiturates, and other abused substances.
 The long-term effects of substance abuse are contingent on the compounds that are used.
 They may result in organ damage, medical complications, vascular injury, and a refractory state with chronic headache that eludes successful management of the headache disorder.
 Patients exhibit a less-than-satisfactory quality of life and are often depressed.
 Treatment includes outpatient care in cooperative, less dependent patients.
 Often patients will require inpatient management in order to discontinue use of the abused agents.
 Pharmacologic agents, behavior modification, psychotherapy, dietary intervention, and acupuncture may be necessary to treat the patient.
 Each patient must be treated by an interested physician, and the patient will require one or more of the preceding measures for a successful outcome.
 Often abused compounds must be discontinued in order to obtain a satisfactory response in an individual with chronic headache.
