Aspirin in the prevention of thrombosis.
 More than a decade has passed since the introduction of the concept that inhibition of platelet function may be helpful in preventing the initiation of thrombus formation.
 Aspirin has been recognized as inhibiting normal platelet function and the mechanism has been clearly delineated.
 Legions of patients have been studied to answer the question of whether aspirin is efficacious in the primary prevention of acute myocardial infarction.
 At the present time, however, a solid, clear answer is not available and firm recommendations cannot be made.
 A large number of studies evaluating aspirin and other antiplatelet agents in the prevention or delay of recurrent myocardial infarction (secondary prevention) have been completed and those studies reporting a favorable beneficial effect are in the minority.
 In these secondary prevention studies reporting success, the doses of aspirin employed were large enough to inhibit both the cyclo-oxygenase system and thromboxane A2 production as well as the synthesis of prostacyclin.
 Thus, in these studies if aspirin is effective in reducing adverse cardiovascular events, its efficacy is being mediated by an unknown mechanism.
 If the reader of the few studies that report positive results is convinced of the benefit of aspirin, it must be emphasized that thoughtful, cautious patient selection based upon the individual's cardiovascular risk profile must be exercised.
 Individual variation may exist with respect to aspirin's beneficial effect.
 It must be absolutely recognized that aspirin or any antiplatelet agent does not in any way substitute for the removal or treatment of coexisting risk factors such as tobacco, obesity, hypercholesterolemia, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and metabolic disease.
 In contrast to aspirin, control of the above risk factors has been established as beneficial.
 Aspirin is not free of undesirable side-effects; fatalities secondary to hemorrhage have been reported, and these must be known in detail and understood by both physician and patient before this agent is prescribed in the prophylactic treatment of cardiovascular disease.
