The bentiromide test using plasma p-aminobenzoic acid for diagnosing pancreatic insufficiency in young children. The effect of two different doses and a liquid meal.
 The bentiromide test was evaluated using plasma p-aminobenzoic acid as an indirect test of pancreatic insufficiency in young children between 2 months and 4 years of age.
 To determine the optimal test method, the following were examined: (a) the best dose of bentiromide (15 mg/kg or 30 mg/kg); (b) the optimal sampling time for plasma p-aminobenzoic acid; and (c) the effect of coadministration of a liquid meal.
 Sixty-nine children 91.6 +/- 1.0 years) were studied, including 34 controls with normal fat absorption and 35 patients (34 with cystic fibrosis) with fat maldigestion due to pancreatic insufficiency.
 Control and pancreatic insufficient subjects were studied in three age-matched groups: (a) low-dose bentiromide (15 mg/kg) with clear fluids; (b) high-dose bentiromide (30 mg/kg) with clear fluids; and (c) high-dose bentiromide with a liquid meal.
 Plasma p-aminobenzoic acid was determined at 0, 30, 60, and 90 minutes then hourly for 6 hours.
 The dose effect of bentiromide with clear liquids was evaluated.
 High-dose bentiromide best discriminated control and pancreatic insufficient subjects, due to a higher peak plasma p-aminobenzoic acid level in controls, but poor sensitivity and specificity remained.
 High-dose bentiromide with a liquid meal produced a delayed increase in plasma p-aminobenzoic acid in the control subjects probably caused by retarded gastric emptying.
 However, in the pancreatic insufficient subjects, use of a liquid meal resulted in significantly lower plasma p-aminobenzoic acid levels at all time points; plasma p-aminobenzoic acid at 2 and 3 hours completely discriminated between control and pancreatic insufficient patients.
 Evaluation of the data by area under the time-concentration curve failed to improve test results.
 In conclusion, the bentiromide test is a simple, clinically useful means of detecting pancreatic insufficiency in young children, but a higher dose administered with a liquid meal is recommended.
