The effects of chronic endoscopic variceal sclerotherapy on portal pressure in cirrhotics.
 The effect of obliterating esophageal varices by endoscopic sclerotherapy on portal pressure was prospectively studied in 11 cirrhotic patients with variceal hemorrhage.
 Portal venous pressure gradient, determined as the difference between transhepatic portal and hepatic vein pressure, increased by a mean of 31.1% +/- 14.5% in 8 (73%) and decreased by a mean of 30.1% +/- 11.7% in 3 (27%) patients, with no statistically significant change overall (P = 0.1).
 These changes in portal venous pressure gradient occurred despite an improvement in the laboratory and clinical parameters of hepatic function.
 Deep abdominal sonography with color flow imaging at variceal obliteration showed patent paraumbilical veins in 6 (55%) patients, 3 of whom had decreases in portal venous pressure gradient (29%, 19%, 42.5%) at variceal obliteration.
 In 5 (45%) patients without patent paraumbilical veins, a statistically significant increase in portal venous pressure gradient between initial endoscopic variceal sclerotherapy and variceal obliteration was noted (P = 0.008).
 Rebleeding (single episode in all 4 patients, before obliteration in 3 patients) occurred in those with an increase in portal venous pressure gradient; all patients with portal venous pressure gradient decreases were nonbleeders.
 No correlation between changes in portal venous pressure gradient and time to variceal obliteration, number of sclerotherapy treatments, or rebleeding episodes was observed.
 Thus, an increase in portal venous pressure gradient was noted in the majority of patients at variceal obliteration.
 Although the portal venous pressure gradient decrease may be explained by a patent paraumbilical vein, the mechanism of portal venous pressure gradient increase is not clear.
 It is speculated that this portal venous pressure gradient increase may be caused by an increase in collateral resistance or flow or a combination of both, resulting from obliteration of esophageal varices by endoscopic sclerotherapy.
