how will juve do back in serie a well we are back to were we belong i'm not supporting juventus actually quit the opposite but i'll be objective this time first i'm glad that juve spend one year in serie b and i hope they learned something from this experience let's be honest in and they won the title but everyone knows how they didn't keep it but still an cheating it's just so ugly in especially in sport think about all those matches they won in minute and how many times the extra time was over when they scored now it's hard to say what they are going to do for now i think that the title is out if the question and i say that because the team just doesn't seam to be good enough they lost a few good players the defense especially is a mystery to me anyway i see them on champions league spot or maybe but no way they can win the title in a few years they can be back in top they surely have the financial support and the history to do that but one question still remain can they do it honestly that's the big challenge for juve to prove all of use that it is indeed a big team Norway national football team Troms__ I.L. UEFA Champions League Real Madrid New York Giants Alessandro Del Piero FA Cup Roger Federer History of Arsenal F.C. Rangers F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Gianluca Vialli World Series Chelsea F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Leeds United F.C. Bundesliga (football) Alex Ferguson Pittsburgh Steelers Celtic F.C. Germany national football team NBA Finals Cleveland Browns New York Knicks Manchester United 1986-1999 International League Rugby league Crystal Palace F.C. Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Aston Villa F.C. Carolina Panthers Kurt Angle Denis Law Test cricket Volleyball Playoff Juventus F.C. Andre Agassi Chicago White Sox Stanley Cup Jack Charlton Manchester United F.C. Rugby union Table tennis Primera Divisi__n Argentina Bowl Championship Series Professional wrestling slang Bj__rn Borg Detroit Tigers Bryan Robson American football Eddie Guerrero San Francisco Giants Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Professional wrestling match types Futebol Clube do Porto The Football League Andriy Shevchenko Torquay United F.C. Minnesota Vikings Buffalo Bills Boston Bruins F.K. Bod__/Glimt Football (soccer) National Football League Adrian Mutu Super Bowl XXVII Queens Park Rangers F.C. Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Sports timeline Hikaru no Go Alan Hansen Cincinnati Bengals Poker jargon Fast bowling National Hockey League San Francisco 49ers 2005 English cricket season Serie A Tennis All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Los Angeles Kings Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Team Fortress Classic Miami Dolphins Ty Cobb John McEnroe West Indian cricket team Twenty One (game show) American Football League Shawn Michaels Pete Sampras Arsenal F.C. Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Zin__dine Zidane Chicago Blackhawks 