i have a question does anyone know the age requirement in alabama to quit highschool can you be and quit highschools in alabama age requirment to quit with parental permission this is the homeschool section if you want to quit school and your parents are on board with that then you guys need to find out how to do that i really can't think of anyone on this forum that would encourage you nor help you to do this sorry but that is a really bad question Homeschooling Education in Romania Establishment Clause of the First Amendment University of Alabama Education in the United States GED High school French law on secularity and conspicuous religious symbols in schools Bill Maher Secondary education Rosa Parks Boarding school Secondary education in France Brown v. Board of Education Internet forum Article Four of the United States Constitution SAT Separation of church and state in the United States Adult Swim Abortion debate Education in Malaysia Bipolar disorder George W. Bush military service controversy __cole Polytechnique Waldorf Education Alabama Constitution Auburn University Science Bowl University of Alabama in Huntsville Charter school School bus A. S. Neill Hulk Hogan COPS (TV series) Video game controversy Timeline of the American Civil Rights Movement H. Guy Hunt Internet troll Terri Schiavo Bill Hicks Hugo Black Drug test Friends The Standard Sarbanes-Oxley Act Intelligent design movement Prior restraint Patrick Henry College Age of consent Bill Gothard Infantilism April Fool's Day Alabama Agricultural and Mechanical University Avenue Q Tobacco smoking Grant Morrison Episodes of Lost (Season 2) Advanced Placement Program USS Alabama (BB-60) Adoption U.S. Electoral College Teach the Controversy Breastfeeding Tuskegee Syphilis Study Mother Teresa Capital punishment in the United States Practices of Jehovah's Witnesses Kibbutz User Friendly NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Windows XP Supreme Court of the United States Internet Relay Chat Council of Conservative Citizens Pat Garrett Trumpet First Amendment to the United States Constitution Blount County, Alabama Forum moderator Saku, Nagano Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Education reform Kelo v. New London George W. Bush Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Abington School District v. Schempp One Tree Hill (TV series) Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder America's Next Top Model Alan Keyes Fathers' rights School choice New York Times Co. v. Sullivan Independent school (UK) Fair use Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology CSS Alabama Student loan 