my friend is going in to the th grade and she still play will barbies what should i do she acts like she is in the grade it took me til i was and in th grade to stop playing with barbies bratz me and my sister used to play barbies but since she's older than me when she got older she stopped even though i still wanted to play and i still did play by myself and with friends but then i realized that when i usually play barbies bratz i get bored after like a few minutes and i don't usually have anyone to play with which isn't fun and i thought i'm getting old for them anyway so then i thought maybe it's time for me to give barbies bratz up so i did i gave them barbie clothes accessories food pets and dollhouse to my mom's friend's daughter after i gave them away there would be times when i missed them but after awhile i didn't miss them at all and grew out of them completely but i still hold the happy memories of playing with them forever the point is don't worry about it she'll eventually grow out of them eventually when she needs is ready to besides at her age i don't think it's that uncommon to still play with them i actually heard girls in my sister's highschool played with bratz but in my opinon you don't need to worry about that until she's and or in th grade Barbie Bratz Shaggy dog story Kodocha Pitaten The Beach Boys Knots Landing Milton H. Erickson EastEnders Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Jon Secada FoxTrot The Critic Humphrey Bogart The Fairly OddParents Barbi Benton The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Aquarium (album) Rent (musical) Timmy Turner Charmed Characters of The Sandman The Ashlee Simpson Show One Tree Hill (TV series) Pok__mon Live! Grandview, U.S.A. Philosophical skepticism Neighbours One Piece minor characters Immortality Chuck Cunningham syndrome Negima Tenchi Muyo! The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie The O.C. Friends S.H.E Coldplay Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Napoleon Dynamite Fancy Crane Cliff Richard The Emancipation of Mimi It's Walky! Mina Mongoose Eek! The Cat Ron Weasley The Adventures of Pete & Pete Phoebe Buffay's songs The Amazing Race Ranma __ characters Hey Arnold! Toy Story 2 Futurama (TV series - season 5) Time Out of Mind YuYu Hakusho Janet Jackson Blonde on Blonde Mattel Little Britain The Marriage of Figaro Bob and George Spidey Super Stories The Amber Spyglass Rocko's Modern Life Saved by the Bell Calvin and Hobbes The Life and Times of Juniper Lee K' Hermione Granger My Life as a Teenage Robot The McGuire Sisters Mystique (comics) Luther Vandross The Inside Garfield Treehouse of Horror V Lisa the Vegetarian Doug W.I.T.C.H. The Marshall Mathers LP Gryffindors in Harry Potter's year The Catcher in the Rye Ruth Handler RuneScape quests Tupac Shakur Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Luke and Laura Spencer Kyle Broflovski Hilary Duff The Devil Wears Prada Salad Fingers Gaia Online Married... with Children Stewie Griffin Ron and Fez The Shining (film) 