Mutational analysis of an archaebacterial promoter: essential role of a TATA box for transcription efficiency and start-site selection in vitro.
 By using a recently developed in vitro transcription assay, the 16S/23S rRNA-encoding DNA promoter from the archaebacterium Sulfolobus sp.
 B12 was dissected by deletion and linker substitution mutagenesis.
 The analysis of 5' and 3' deletion mutants defined a core promoter region between positions -38 and -2 containing all information for efficient and specific transcription.
 Further characterization of this region by linker substitution mutagenesis indicated two sequence elements important for promoter function--one located between positions -38 and -25 (distal promoter element) and the other one located between positions -11 and -2 (proximal promoter element).
 The distal promoter element encompassed the TATA-like "box A" element located approximately 26 nucleotides upstream of the majority of transcription start sites in archaebacteria (Archaeobacteria).
 All mutations within this box A motif virtually abolished promoter function.
 Complete inactivation of the proximal promoter element was dependent on extensive mutagenesis; this element is not conserved between archaebacterial promoters except for a high A + T content in stable RNA gene promoters from Sulfolobus.
 Mutants containing insertions or deletions between the distal and proximal promoter elements were only slightly affected in their transcription efficiency but displayed a shift in their major initiation site, retaining an essentially fixed distance between the distal promoter element and the transcription start site.
 Thus, efficient transcription and start-site selection were dependent on a conserved TATA-like sequence centered approximately 26 nucleotides upstream of the initiation site, a situation unlike that of eubacterial promoters but resembling the core structure of most eukaryotic RNA polymerase II (and some RNA polymerase III) promoters.
 This finding suggests a common evolutionary origin of these promoters consistent with the known similarities between archaebacterial and eukaryotic RNA polymerases.
