why are there no anime featuring kaiju at least none i've seen in the us i mean there are the two godzilla cartoon series and i guess that the angels in evangelion are technically kaiju and some of the demons in inuyasha are kaijulike but with the genre so popular worldwide why not more kaiju anime in my opinion monster animal type animes are less appealing in the us because they suck they're ugly to look at their fight scenes are boring they're not funny and the people who control the tv networks target animes for children children in the us likes to fantasize about being the character everyone wants to be a ninja so they watch naruto who wants to become an insect like humanoid creature Godzilla Kaiju Alien races from the Godzilla films Tokusatsu Science fiction on television Anime Manga InuYasha Cartoon Network Mazinger Z Monsterland / Monster Island Naruto (manga) Hedorah, the Smog Monster Godzilla vs. Gigan Rodan Demon Adult Swim United Productions of America Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Godzilla vs. Megaguirus Uzumaki Naruto Zilla Bambi Meets Godzilla Mechagodzilla Ultraman Jet Jaguar Godzilla: Destroy All Monsters Melee Gainax Funny animal Orochi Godzilla vs. Destoroyah Godzilla (1998 film) Godzilla: Final Wars Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack Godzilla (1954 film) Power Rangers Gorosaurus Terror of Mechagodzilla Godzilla vs. the Sea Monster All Monsters Attack Gamera Orga Furry fandom Godzilla Raids Again Kemono Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla Evangelion (mecha) Mothra vs. Godzilla Destroy All Monsters Mecha Monster Rancher monsters Biollante Pok__mon (anime) Kamacuras Baragon King Ghidorah Invasion of Astro-Monster Fictional crossover Godzilla vs Biollante War of the Worlds (2005 film) Destoroyah Scooby-Doo Hyuga Hinata Animated cartoon Ishiro Honda Naruto jutsu Mothra Ultra Q Naruto: Gekitou Ninja Taisen 3 Yu-Gi-Oh! Godzilla vs. Mothra The Return of Godzilla Naruto: Gekitou Ninja Taisen Godzilla 2000: Millennium Son of Godzilla Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II Mortal Kombat Jack Kirby Naruto: Gekitou Ninja Taisen 2 Super Mario Bros. television series Miroku (InuYasha) Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah Godzilla vs. Hedorah Captain Marvel (DC Comics) Godzilla: Tokyo SOS Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster Animated television series Mon (monster) Animation Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla Harry Potter Computer and video game genres Gabara Minya 