west point and different branches of service if you attend the usma is it possible to become an officer in a different branch of the military besides the army i heard that for summer training they send you to the other academies to train for your chosen branch also is it possible to become a fighter pilot at west point not the way you think if you go to west point you're going to be an officer in the army when you get out if you want to be an officer in another branch you go to that branch's corresponding military academy annapolis for the navy or colorado for the airforce i don't believe the army has fighter pilots not the ones flying jet aircraft if you want to fly jets go in the air force United States Air Force Indian Air Force Royal Air Force Polish Air Force Military of the United States Air Education and Training Command Fighter aircraft United States Marine Corps Pakistan Air Force Aircraft Royal New Zealand Air Force James C. Adamson Argentine Air Force Luftwaffe Israeli Air Force Royal Canadian Air Force Air force Civil Air Patrol Military academy United States Military Academy Japan Self-Defense Forces Women Airforce Service Pilots Canadian Armed Forces Anti-aircraft warfare Royal Norwegian Air Force Israel Defense Forces T-38 Talon F-86 Sabre David M. Walker (astronaut) Fleet Air Arm Ellington Field United States Army Aerial warfare F-104 Starfighter Frank Whittle F-16 Fighting Falcon Alan Shepard Royal Australian Air Force Russian Federation Air Force Benjamin O. Davis Jr. Robert C. Springer Soviet military academies Military Occupational Specialty Curtiss P-40 USS Yorktown (CV-10) United States Naval Academy Aircrew Badge (US) George W. Bush military service controversy Edwards Air Force Base Belgian Air Force Gloster Meteor Trainer (aircraft) Wehrmacht Kent Rominger United States Merchant Marine Academy Richard F. Gordon, Jr. Polish Armed Forces Warrant Officer United States Army Air Forces F4U Corsair Republic of Singapore Air Force Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15 Kenneth S. Reightler, Jr. PZL P.11 A-4 Skyhawk CF-18 Hornet F-4 Phantom II Jet engine Steven W. Lindsey Military slang Nellis Air Force Base People's Liberation Army Air Force Davis-Monthan Air Force Base USS Wasp (CV-18) T. Michael Moseley F/A-22 Raptor Jon McBride Reserve Officer Training Corps P-51 Mustang Swedish Armed Forces Japan Air Self-Defense Force A-10 Thunderbolt II Army-Navy Game F-35 Joint Strike Fighter S. David Griggs Fokker Korean War Ilyushin Il-10 World War II Buzz Aldrin Armed forces Hawker-Siddeley Hawk Jet aircraft Imperial War Museum Duxford A-1 Skyraider Fixed-wing aircraft Airport 