does anyone think the colts will repeat as champions i dont i think it's possible but not likely and i say that as a colts fan i hope they do but they've lost a lot of good players and don't have replacements ready for very many of them while i won't miss hearing false start number losing tarik glenn is a big issue especially since it happened so close to the start of the season filling that position effectively is going to take some time brandon stokley is a lose too but i don't feel it as big a lose as some make it out to be and bob sanders still being on the unable to perform list is troublesome too and unfortunately that's just the tip of the iceburg and doesn't even get into comparisons with other teams i will never count them out but i also know it will be a tough row to hoe but then again lots of people fans included thought losing edgrin james was going to be the end of the colts so i guess we'll see New York Giants New England Patriots Pittsburgh Steelers San Francisco 49ers New York Jets Miami Dolphins Carolina Panthers World Series Houston Astros Buffalo Bills Alex Ferguson Super Bowl V St. Louis Rams NFL playoffs, 2003-04 Super Bowl III New York Knicks Cincinnati Bengals Super Bowl Nottingham Forest F.C. Dallas Cowboys National Football League Portsmouth F.C. Essendon Football Club 1957 World Series Super Bowl XXVII Pete Rose American Football League West Bromwich Albion F.C. Toronto Raptors Kansas City Chiefs Shaggy dog story New York Islanders The Ashlee Simpson Show Newcastle United F.C. Chicago Cubs Detroit Red Wings Super Bowl XXVI National Football League Lore Los Angeles Kings Wheel of Fortune San Antonio Spurs New York Rangers Oakland Athletics Jacksonville Jaguars Poker jargon Leeds United F.C. Time Out of Mind $ale of the Century The Price Is Right Big Brother (USA TV series) Boston Red Sox Joe Namath Bowl Championship Series 2005 Tim Hortons Brier Sheepshead Nelson Erazo Houston Rockets Queens Park Rangers F.C. West Ham United F.C. Toronto Maple Leafs St. Louis Cardinals Nico Robin Liverpool F.C. Super Bowl XXXIV Boston Bruins Cleveland Indians Norway national football team Super Bowl XIV Nikita Koloff NBA Finals Super Bowl XXXV Major League Baseball television contracts ELO rating system Peyton Manning Harley Race Los Angeles Clippers New Jersey Nets Ayrton Senna Babe Ruth Ravi Shastri Indiana Pacers No-hitter Chicago Blackhawks 2004 World Series Rugby league positions Chicago Bulls Pittsburgh Penguins Hendrick Motorsports Montreal Alouettes Tottenham Hotspur F.C. National Hockey League All-Star Game December 2004 in sports West Indian cricket team Card Sharks Professional wrestling match types FA Premier League 2004-05 Surreal number 