is michigan stadium the greatest stadium in the world sharing a great football game with up to people and after the rennovation in luxury boxes it's great do you think it's the best stadium in the world do you think the horshoe is better http www umich edu stadium hell yea look at it people are scared to come to the big house if someone can name another stadium with more history and bigger you can come holla at me but until then the big house remain's king who the hell let's that guy say a stadium that actually makes some noise the big house is the loudest like the fans don't make noise there University of Michigan Michigan Stadium St. Louis Cardinals San Jose Municipal Stadium Shea Stadium Tiger Stadium Veterans Stadium Syracuse University Orange Yankee Stadium National Football League Lore Joe Paterno Football World Cup 2002 Pittsburgh Steelers Kansas City Chiefs Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim New York Yankees Qualcomm Stadium Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome Football chant College football Michigan Wolverines Cleveland Browns Bon Jovi Cincinnati Bengals Wembley Stadium New York Giants Pete Rose Norway national football team Football culture Monday Night Football Stadium Pontiac Silverdome Emirates Stadium Liverpool F.C. Amsterdam Sydney Cricket Ground World Series Millennium Stadium Melbourne Cricket Ground Notts County F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts 1986 World Series Celtic F.C. Detroit Tigers Portsmouth F.C. Giants Stadium Cinergy Field Carolina Panthers St. Louis Rams New York Jets National Football League Minnesota Vikings Dolphins Stadium Babe Ruth NCAA Football 2005 Minnesota Twins Major League Soccer Home team ____kr__ Saraco__lu Stadium Busch Stadium Torquay United F.C. Memorial Stadium, Clemson Georgia Institute of Technology Hampden Park 2008 Summer Olympics AFC Wimbledon Dodger Stadium Denver Broncos Pasadena, California Old Trafford (football) Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Baltimore Ravens Houston Astros Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium Tiger Stadium (Baton Rouge) Texas Longhorn Athletics Super Bowl New York Mets Miami Dolphins Bud Adams Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Sanford Stadium Swansea City A.F.C. Angel Stadium of Anaheim Estadio Azteca Rugby football British Home Championship Fight song Internazionale Husky Stadium Jordan-Hare Stadium Green Bay Packers Rose Bowl (game) Playoff Dan Marino Kolkata Rangers F.C. Cleveland Stadium Al Michaels 1996 World Series 