hows this premier league fantasy squad first timer f t walcott ars f j mcfadden eve m g barry ast m s gerrard liv m a lennon tot m g silva ars m t rosicky ars d p jagielka eve d l baines eve d n shorey red g j lehmann ars i actually don't believe i'm able to manipulate the lineup since this is yahoo's premier league soccer salary cap game pretty decent lineup did you know you can change your formation i found that on average the same priced midfielder earns less points than the same priced defender and forward this is why i am playing some things to look out for lennon is injured until september baines will miss week matches also you've picked players that are expected to do well and haven't really left yourself many players who will increase in value other than walcott except many critics say he will be an underachiever i think otherwise consider youngsters like gareth bale steven taylor and michael chopra who are expected to suprise people this year also another sweet deal is fernando torres his current price is which is ludicrous considering he will be liverpool's number striker this year Leeds United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. National Football League Steve McManaman F.C. United of Manchester Bryan Robson Liverpool F.C. Everton F.C. David Beckham Chicago Bulls England national football team Ipswich Town F.C. Steven Gerrard History of Arsenal F.C. Chelsea F.C. Football (soccer) positions Rangers F.C. Frank Lampard 2004-05 in English football Lee Dixon Real Madrid Bobby Charlton Michael Owen Los Angeles Clippers New York Giants Alex Ferguson Detroit Red Wings Midfielder Newcastle United F.C. Jamie Carragher Teddy Sheringham February 2005 in sports Coventry City F.C. Billy Bremner Cork City F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. The Football League Blackburn Rovers F.C. Major League Soccer Arsenal F.C. Torquay United F.C. Rugby league Adelaide United FC Formation (football) Paul Ince West Bromwich Albion F.C. Los Angeles Kings Kenny Sansom Viking F.K. Graeme Souness April 2005 in sports National Hockey League All-Star Game September 2005 in sports FA Premier League Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Boston Bruins Pittsburgh Penguins New England Patriots Tranmere Rovers F.C. Jack Charlton Sheffield Wednesday F.C. David Cooper (footballer) Salary cap Baseball Celtic F.C. David Vernon Watson 2004-05 NHL lockout Pittsburgh Pirates New York Rangers FA Premier League 2003-04 Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Gary Stevens October 2004 in sports Wheel of Fortune FC Rostov Sammy Sosa $ale of the Century New York Knicks Aberdeen F.C. Dennis Bergkamp National Basketball Association Canterbury Bulldogs Heart of Midlothian F.C. Ice hockey Norman Hunter Billboard Hot 100 John Lennon July 2005 in sports Boston Red Sox World Series Babe Ruth December 2004 in sports 