ever been audited actually if you turned someone in to the irs that you know is committing fraud what is the liklihood they will go after them and how quickly will it be done if you have reported someone to the irs about committing fraud the irs will investigate it and will pursue it if they find evidence that you are correct can't tell you though how quickly it depends on how much searching they have to do and how long the fraud was committed normally the irs has years to adjust a tax return years if the tax return income was grossly understated and forever for fraud Taxation in the United States U.S. Internal Revenue Service 401(k) Tax protester Scientology Tom DeLay Variable universal life insurance Tax avoidance/evasion United States v. LaRouche FairTax Inflation Self-employment Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 Charles Manson Kent Hovind Church of Scientology 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities United Kingdom corporation tax Oil-for-Food Programme Tax Car handling Centrelink The Miami Herald George Galloway Benny Hinn 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Credit card Universal Life Church David Duke Flat tax 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 James Randi 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting Conspiracy Enron Corporation Chiropractic Scientology controversy Income tax Health savings account Social Security debate (United States) Offshore bank Expert system Venezuelan recall referendum, 2004 Progressive tax Advance fee fraud Journalism scandals Sun Myung Moon Identity theft Corporate governance Click fraud 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Annuity Information technology audit Fraud 457 plan 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Financial audit Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Cybercrime Sponsorship scandal Spyware Food Stamp Program O. J. Simpson Plame affair Parapsychology Bank fraud Warren Buffett Halting problem Jim Bakker Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Hillary Rodham Clinton Bank of Credit and Commerce International Schabir Shaik Trial The Trouble with Trillions Swiss banking Backpacker murders Conservation easement Wild Card (show) Ponzi scheme Employee stock option David Miscavige Cannabis (drug) Microeconomics Bulk vending Outsourcing Robert M. Morgenthau H-1B visa 2005 Philippine electoral crisis Life insurance 9/11 Commission Report USA PATRIOT Act Social Security (United States) Tax cut Tax exemption Creative accounting Personal finance 