does anybody know where the smaller version of the white house is real building not models there is the little white house in key west although it's not technically a version of the white house it was a summer home used by presidents truman kennedy and clinton if i recall correctly White House President of the United States Harry S. Truman Truman State University Vice President of the United States Lyndon B. Johnson Democratic Party (United States) Margaret Truman Bill Clinton United States Secret Service Air Force One Bess Truman White House Chief of Staff Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Douglas MacArthur Lauren Bacall U.S. Electoral College __ras an Uachtar__in Gerald Ford Whitewater scandal John F. Kennedy John F. Kennedy Space Center Presidential library Robert Byrd The West Wing (television) Watergate scandal Plame affair George F. Kennan John F. Kennedy, Jr. Country house Clark M. Clifford New Hampshire primary US health reform under Carter John Kenneth Galbraith Clinton Presba Anderson Theodore Sorenson Karl Rove Bringing It All Back Home American University Monica Lewinsky Lewinsky scandal Commodore 128 Beatmania IIDX Elizabeth Bentley Presidential Succession Act The Truman Show Clinton, Mississippi Ticket balance Syracuse University Oval Office Atari 8-bit family Speaker of the United States House of Representatives US health reform under Clinton The George Washington University History of the United States National Security Council 1953-1961 Dixiecrat US health reform under Truman Whitewater Ronald Reagan American liberalism Freedom of Information Act (United States) Rosa Parks Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy History of the United States National Security Council 1961-1963 Password (game) George Stephanopoulos United States presidential line of succession Michael Johns Dealey Plaza Leinster House J. Edgar Hoover Helen Thomas U.S. presidential election, 1948 Andrew Card Temple (Mormonism) USS John W. Weeks (DD-701) United States Customs Service Mach kernel State funeral of John F. Kennedy Porgy and Bess White House Fellows Bob Dole Sydney Manhattan Project The Price Is Right John Nance Garner Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Ku Klux Klan Rahm Emanuel Calvin Coolidge Vietnam War Lindsey Graham Dean Acheson Phase-shift keying Dwight D. Eisenhower National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States Byron White Mack McLarty Harlem Key West, Florida 