what's a good way to talk to my year old about politics in easy to understand terms kentucky's law says i must teach my son civics i thought with the upcoming presidential election i would concentrate on teaching him about the different parties how the president is elected etc how can i teach my son something that seems to have the whole country divided something such as u s politics and its nuances are sometimes difficult for even adults to comprehend what are some good resources i can use to help explain these things in kid friendly terms btw if you are against homeschooling don't bother answering my question with your rhetoric about how i'm damaging my child etc etc i'm sick of it i didn't mean baby terms just kid friendly you know something a year old could comprehend this website has a section on textbooks and curriculum for studying government http www cathyduffyreviews com history geography history geography index htm you could use something like that as a basic coverage of government branches i would also suggest reading through the constitution then perhaps you can visit the official national websites of the republican democrats and some of the smaller parties and discuss the differences in what they say and how they are publicly perceived positively and negatively and you can discuss with him what party you belong to and why then i would look at your local elections in addition to state and national you could do an on going study of what the job that is up for election is about and what each candidate claims as their platform via websites and how they are portrayed in the media i would definitely discuss the importance of image sound bites and perception are in killing or making a campaign howard dean barry goldwater perhaps you could watch national debates look at past achievements of candidates and go to rallies and speeches by various candidates best if you can do opposing ones with in the same race and note the speech and crowd reactions if you and he really like a particular candidate maybe you can volunteer a little bit with their campaign and thanks for asking this question because it has helped me think about what i want to do with my own children when they are old enough to study this Barry Goldwater 2004 Democratic National Convention Politics of the United States U.S. presidential election, 2004 Voter turnout Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2008 Elections in the United States Alan Keyes U.S. Electoral College Howard Dean U.S. presidential nominating convention British National Party ROC presidential election, 2004 U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 John Edwards Homeschooling Hillary Rodham Clinton Libertarian Party (United States) Politics of the Republic of China Third party (United States) Red state vs. blue state divide United States House of Representatives Moral Politics Vicente Fox Quebec sovereignty movement Ralph Nader Election Rick Santorum Plame affair Brian Lenihan Green Party (United States) Republic U.S. presidential election, 2000 Kuomintang Legal research U.S. presidential election, 1980 Bill Clinton A Course In Miracles Canadian House of Commons Democracy U.S. presidential election, 1964 President of Germany Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 U.S. presidential election debates U.S. presidential election, 1960 Government of France Civil rights Bill Maher Congress of the United States Paul Hackett Philosophy Conservative Party (UK) Intelligent design movement American liberalism Teach the Controversy George Lakoff Ian Paisley Ross Perot Southern strategy Bloc Qu__b__cois Green Party of Canada Liberalism Economics GED Patrick Hillery Michael Badnarik Zell Miller Parti Qu__b__cois leadership election, 2005 Abortion debate MoveOn U.S. Senate election, 2004 Politics of Belarus U.S. presidential election, 1860 Elections in the United Kingdom Cindy Sheehan 2004 Republican National Convention Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Read my lips: no new taxes Jeb Bush Lyndon B. Johnson Condoleezza Rice Ted Kennedy Dan Quayle New Hampshire primary Politics of Russia Irish Republicanism Freedom of speech Presidential system United States Senate Nuclear option (filibuster) 