Antimicrobial therapy in preterm premature rupture of membranes: results of a prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of erythromycin.
 This study was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of oral erythromycin treatment in safely prolonging pregnancy among women experiencing preterm premature rupture of membranes.
 Sixty-five women were randomly assigned to receive double-blind treatment with either erythromycin base or an identical-appearing placebo three times daily for 7 days.
 Only women between 23 and 34 completed weeks' gestation who did not have an indication for delivery were enrolled in the study.
 Pretreatment microbiologic tests were obtained and women were followed expectantly.
 Fifty-five women and their newborns completed the protocol and were fully evaluated.
 Overall, time from rupture of membranes to onset of labor and to delivery was longer, although not significantly, for erythromycin-treated women.
 Similarly, there was a trend for reduced neonatal intensive care (level II, p = 0.07).
 When gestational age at enrollment was controlled, erythromycin treatment of women between 28 to 32 weeks' gestation was associated with a prolonged interval from enrollment to delivery [erythromycin: 292 hours (5 to 679); placebo: 54 (12 to 323); p less than 0.044].
 Fifty percent of erythromycin-treated women between 28 to 32 weeks' gestation continued their pregnancies at least 13 days after premature rupture of membranes, whereas 50% of placebo-treated women were delivered of infants within 4 days (p = 0.02).
 Erythromycin treatment among women less than 28 and between 33 to 34 weeks' gestation was not associated with prolonged latency or other changes.
 There were no differences between erythromycin- and placebo-treated women in the occurrence of clinically recognized chorioamnionitis, postpartum endometritis, or neonatal infectious morbidity.
 In this double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, erythromycin treatment was well tolerated, safe, and associated with prolongation of pregnancy and reduced intensive neonatal care requirements for selected mother-newborn pairs with preterm premature rupture of membranes.
