how tall will i be i'm a year old girl and currently ' my mum's ' my dad's ' i'm crapping my pants that i'll be a freak help x an unofficial way doctors use to estimate your height is to add up your mom and dad's height then average that by that math you would be about ' i wouldn't worry about being a freak most girls would love to be ' my cousin is your age and crapping her pants because she is ' and the doctor told her she won't grow anymore the doctor said that since you are chances are you may only grow an inch more maybe two by or girls have pretty much finished growing be happy with your height you can date tall guys The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Bart Sells His Soul Kim Possible Humphrey Bogart My Name Is Earl The Fairly OddParents Kodocha Phoebe Buffay's songs Recurring South Park characters Pok__mon Live! Hey Arnold! Married... with Children Craps Mnemonic Friends Butters Stotch Peter Griffin Stewie Griffin Doug Freak Strike About a Boy Grandview, U.S.A. Bro'Town EastEnders Marilyn Monroe Kyle Broflovski Teen Girl Squad Eric Cartman Sealab 2021 Nine Inch Nails The Adventures of Pete & Pete Futurama (TV series - season 5) The Beach Boys Springfield Elementary School Patton (film) Wonderland (McFly album) I Am Furious Yellow Mr. and Mrs. Turner Ren and Stimpy My Parents are Aliens Bart Gets Hit By A Car Bernice Summerfield Garfield Homerpalooza Father's Day (Doctor Who) Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) Kurt Cobain Ben Johnson (athlete) Dennis the Menace (UK) Hey Jude Pepper Ann Cow and Chicken MC Hammer Once and Again Puberty KaBlam! One Tree Hill (TV series) British comedy Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Knots Landing Jon Secada Frank Barone Silverchair Dice Britpop Rocket Power American Dad! Bat Boy ABBA Human height Kimberly-Clark Corporation My Life as a Teenage Robot Bart chalkboard gags W.I.T.C.H. World Wide Recorder Concert Little Britain Sugababes The Angry Beavers Blackjack Viz (comic) Shaggy dog story Doctor Who (Enemy Within) Negima Prisoner (TV series) Futurama (TV series - season 2) Joke Fushigi Yugi M*A*S*H (TV series) The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Calvin and Hobbes Futari wa Pretty Cure Guys and Dolls Earth Girl Arjuna Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Kim Possible: So the Drama Battle of the Network Reality Stars Full House Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 