fantasy football can anyone help me find a team name for my fantasy football team i work within a printing department of a council anyone got any ideas based around my job 'obi wan kenobi nil' won the sun dreamteam naming competition a few years ago so you could do 'obi wan kenobi two' if you want to be original or 'if i win i'll photocopy my ass xi' or 'who the printouts ' or 'nightmare team' Obi-Wan Kenobi Jedi Quest Jedi 2004-05 in English football Norway national football team Australian Football League Tsuen Wan Line (MTR) Messiahs in fiction and fantasy Citybus (Hong Kong) May 2005 in sports Football (soccer) Fitzroy Football Club Football chant Shau Kei Wan Football World Cup Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones American football National Football League Beaches of Hong Kong IFK G__teborg Germany national football team Football Playoff Ascended master Wan Chai Football in England Photocopying Toshiro Mifune University of Alabama Retcon Sport Lightsaber Drew Struzan Everton F.C. Alex Ferguson Sport in Ireland The Football League Kenny Dalglish British Home Championship Chelsea F.C. Gaelic football West Island Line and South Island Line Jim Thorpe Arizona Cardinals Collingwood Football Club Rugby League State of Origin Hellas Verona F.C. Football at the Summer Olympics England national rugby union team Nils Liedholm South Australian National Football League Portugal national football team University of Michigan Kamino FA Premier League 2004 European Football Championship Star Wars Baseball Women's football (soccer) Dates in Star Wars Adelaide Crows Campeonato Carioca Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Essendon Football Club Tuen Mun District Italy national football team West Bromwich Albion F.C. S.League Grand Forks, North Dakota Football in the United Kingdom Middle Tennessee State University Traditional animation Football World Cup 2002 University of Central Florida Celtic F.C. Australian rules football Leicester City F.C. Primera Divisi__n Argentina Fighting Fantasy Game Books Gabriel Batistuta Queensland Rugby League UEFA R.S.C. Anderlecht Arizona State University Super Bowl Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. FA Cup Rugby league West Ham United F.C. Typewriter New York Jets The Nightmare Before Christmas British Columbia Lions Football in Scotland National Hockey League All-Star Game Australia national football team NFL Europe FC Girondins de Bordeaux Football World Cup 1994 St. George Dragons 