fantasy preimer league hi i was wondering if any of you fantasy preimer league players would like to join my league please do i dare anyone to beat me the name of the league is ultimate league and code is please join and thanks sure thing danny win lol im soo excited i just went on yours l whats ur name u join mine i wil join yours m my code is Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Luton Town F.C. The Football League Wil Wheaton Ice hockey Rugby union Canterbury Bulldogs Detroit Red Wings Manchester United F.C. Cincinnati Reds Melbourne Storm New York Giants Aston Villa F.C. UEFA Champions League Gameplay of StarCraft Ajax Amsterdam Miami Dolphins Bath Rugby West Bromwich Albion F.C. Chicago White Sox Los Angeles Kings Danny Blanchflower Western Canada Hockey League October 3 in baseball History of rugby union International League World Series 1987 National League Championship Series Ireland national rugby league team Revolutionary Socialist League (UK) Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres Australian rules football Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Nottingham Forest F.C. Preston North End F.C. Dallas Cowboys Final Fantasy X Rugby league Toronto Blue Jays Seattle Mariners Sunderland A.F.C. Raith Rovers F.C. Carolina Panthers Brian Close John Aldridge League Cup Kenny Dalglish Stoke City F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Fantasy baseball Milwaukee Admirals Sparky Lyle Leeds United F.C. J. League Chicago Bulls Satchel Paige Japan national rugby union team FA Premier League Ty Cobb Alex Ferguson Ted Radcliffe Newcastle United F.C. Rugby League State of Origin American Football League Reggie Jackson Negro league baseball Swindon Town F.C. College basketball Rugby league positions Seattle Seahawks Trabzonspor Cronulla Sharks Cork City F.C. FA Cup The Ashes Michael Jordan October 26 in baseball Hastings United FC San Francisco 49ers Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Football October 14 in baseball MLB Most Valuable Player Award October 24 in baseball MUD Kansas City Royals Stolen base Cleveland Indians Rugby league in Australia South Australian National Football League Buffalo Bills Civilization III Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Arizona Diamondbacks September 6 in baseball Philadelphia 76ers October 25 in baseball Jari Litmanen Hulk Hogan 