culinary literature entertainment suggestions i have read 'kitchen confidential' 'no reservations' and 'nasty bits' by anthony bourdain and have recently just finished 'don't try this at home culinary catastrophes from the world's greatest chefs' but i was wondering if there are any other entertaining non fiction cooking books such as the four mentioned above those are terrific i don't know if anybody is as funny as bourdain is but i do want to let you know that a new julia child book was released not long ago entitled my life in france and published i believe by her son i bought it for my husband at christmas and he was chuckling as he read it Celebrity chef The Star Wars Holiday Special Culinary Institute of America Chef James Beard Iron Chef Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Jacques P__pin Iron Chef America Novel Nicholas Brendon Le Cordon Bleu Swedish Chef British cuisine The Mary Tyler Moore Show Marie-Antoine Car__me Children's literature Douglas Adams French cuisine Peter Pan Auguste Escoffier Crime fiction Graham Kennedy Neil Gaiman Charles Dickens Peter Cook French fries Cliff Richard The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Cajun cuisine Recipe The Walt Disney Company Anne Rice Eisner Award Graham Greene M. F. K. Fisher Where's Wally? The Catcher in the Rye M. John Harrison Donald Barthelme Clown Cuisine Plame affair Manga Canadian literature Time Out of Mind Alton Brown Scrooge McDuck Blackadder The Tale of Genji Academy Award for Best Picture Thomas Keller James Beard Foundation Walt Disney World College Program Little House on the Prairie The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tomato L. Frank Baum Jamie Oliver Tony Hancock Saturday Night Live Mary Poppins Charlie Trotter American comic book Xenu C. S. Lewis Cuisine of the Southern United States Fanny Cradock Terry Pratchett Haute cuisine Hiroyuki Sakai The Art of War Avenue Q Rich Mullins Bernice Summerfield Necronomicon Alice Liddell God of Cookery James Joyce The Unquiet Dead The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy as international phenomenon Fanny Brice The Beatles discography Doctor Who spin-offs Doctor Who Private Eye Star Trek Ja Rule Sushi Walter J. Ong Franz Kafka Bobby Flay Malcolm in the Middle Funnies, Inc. Couscous Don Quixote Jam (TV series) Emeril Lagasse 