the semis are here which cricketer will win your vote final four time last time i only got answers come on guys there are more cricket fans out there here are the winners of the quarter finals brian lara ricky ponting sachin tendulkar mutiah muralitharan now it's getting exciting these pairings will be big clashes semi mutiah muralitarhan vs brian lara these two have had many great duels in the past mutiah won some and lara won some now let's see who wins your vote semi sachin tendulkar vs ricky ponting massive clash these two names are the standouts for their respective teams but who will win your vote we have of the biggest names in modern cricket but who will win this vote off you decide the final awaits brian lara da first winner mutiah muralitharan da second winner 2003 Cricket World Cup ICC Super Series 2005 Border-Gavaskar Trophy 2005 English cricket season Timeline of cricket Indian cricket team International cricket in 2005 ICC Awards Glenn McGrath 1996 Cricket World Cup One-day International Brian Lara Wisden Cricketers of the Year Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 English cricket team Run (cricket) Inzamam-ul-Haq 2005 Ashes series Yorkshire County Cricket Club West Indian cricket team in Sri Lanka in 2005 Ricky Ponting Steve Waugh Playoff Test cricket Sheffield United F.C. December 2004 in sports Alex Ferguson Saurav Ganguly Aston Villa F.C. The Ashes Batsman Clash of Champions Lala Amarnath Big Brother (USA TV series) 2000s March 2005 in India Australian national cricket captains Shane Warne Waqar Younis Bangladeshi cricket team in Sri Lanka in 2005-06 Donald Bradman Muttiah Muralitharan Bobby Charlton Notts County F.C. Troms__ I.L. Saeed Anwar Types of bowlers in cricket Hendrick Motorsports One-day cricket Adam Gilchrist The Contender (television series) Survivor (TV series) Ricky Steamboat Perth Glory Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Melbourne Cricket Ground Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Leicester City F.C. National Basketball Association American Idol Nottingham Forest F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Lancashire County Cricket Club Luton Town F.C. Brian Close Leeds United F.C. Steve Nash October 2005 in sports Stone Cold Steve Austin Somerset County Cricket Club Jack Charlton Amateur and professional cricketers Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Indian Oil Cup 2005 WACA Ground Brian Little (footballer) Ravi Shastri 1990s Geoff Hurst Ricky Morton 2005 ICC Trophy Toronto Maple Leafs Big Brother UK series 6 History of cricket St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Indianapolis 500 Pete Sampras Eurovision Song Contest 2005 Newcastle United F.C. Gordon Banks All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 2005 Portsmouth F.C. Bryan Robson New England Patriots 