Cerebral ischemic events associated with endocarditis, retinal vascular disease, and lupus anticoagulant.
 PURPOSE: A group of young patients presenting with cerebral ischemic events, endocardial lesions, and lupus anticoagulant is described in order to highlight the common clinical laboratory features.
 PATIENTS AND METHODS: Fourteen consecutive patients (10 females, age range 17 to 53 years [mean 38 years]) at onset of symptoms of cerebral ischemia who had evidence of the lupus anticoagulant syndrome and were being followed prospectively are reviewed.
 All patients had abnormal phospholipid-dependent coagulation test results, and most had anticardiolipin antibody at the time of presentation.
 Three of 14 had four or more American Rheumatism Association criteria for definite systemic lupus erythematosus and the remaining patients were considered to have primary lupus anticoagulant syndrome.
 RESULTS: The common features among these patients included at least one cerebral ischemic event at presentation (stroke or transient ischemic attack), or recurrent episodes suggesting cerebral ischemia (amaurosis fugax, recurrent severe migraine headaches), livedo reticularis, endocardial valvular lesions noted on echocardiography (11 mitral, two aortic valve) that were often associated with discrete vegetations, retinal vascular lesions, and computed tomographic/magnetic resonance imaging scanning or angiographic evidence of multiple cerebral infarction.
 Venous thromboembolic events were uncommon (three of 14).
 Common laboratory studies included thrombocytopenia (10 of 14), positive direct Coombs' test result (11 of 14), and hypocomplementemia (11 of 14).
 Follow-up after initial treatment with either salicylates or anticoagulant therapy (warfarin) for up to 10 years indicated that while many patients had recurrent symptoms suggesting cerebral ischemia, major stroke syndromes did not recur nor new episodes emerge.
 CONCLUSION: The combination of multiple cerebral ischemic lesions and endocardial lesions, including valvular vegetations, suggests that these cerebral ischemic events represent cerebral emboli, and that these cerebral embolic events originate from vegetative lesions on the mitral or, less commonly, aortic valve, in association with lupus anticoagulant.
