Increased insulin action in cultured hepatocytes from rats with diabetes induced by neonatal streptozotocin.
 Previous studies have shown that Wistar rats injected at birth (n0) with STZ (n0-STZ) develop as adults a noninsulin-dependent diabetic state characterized by a lack of insulin response to glucose in vivo, a mild basal hyperglycemia, and an impaired glucose tolerance.
 Our former in vivo studies using the insulin-glucose clamp technique revealed an increased insulin action upon hepatic glucose production in these animals.
 We have now cultured hepatocytes from these mildly diabetic rats in parallel with hepatocytes from control rats, to examine more closely basal and insulin-regulated glucose production and glucose incorporation into glycogen.
 In addition, we extended our investigation to other hepatic functions such as lipid synthesis and amino acid transport, which could not be studied in vivo.
 Although glucose production from glycogenolysis or gluconeogenesis in absence or presence of glucagon was identical in the two cell populations, glucagon-stimulated glycogenolysis was more sensitive to insulin action in diabetic hepatocytes.
 Similarly, insulin action on glucose incorporation into glycogen, lipogenesis, and amino acid transport were enhanced in diabetic hepatocytes.
 The hormone effect was manifested by an increase in the sensitivity and/or in the responsiveness, reflecting the multiplicity of the pathways whereby the insulin signal is transduced through the insulin receptor to multiple postreceptor sites.
 To gain insight into the possible mechanism of these disturbances, we evaluated the initial insulin receptor interaction and the kinase activity of the receptor beta-subunit.
 In accordance with our previous study on intact livers, we found no alteration in either of these parameters in n0-STZ rat hepatocytes.
 Thus, the present study clearly demonstrates that these diabetic rats exhibit a postreceptor hyperresponsiveness to insulin at the cellular level.
 It strengthens the notion that a beta-cell deficiency with glucose intolerance does not necessarily lead to a hepatic insulin resistance.
