Idiopathic gastroparesis is associated with a multiplicity of severe dietary deficiencies.
 Idiopathic gastroparesis (IG), a disorder characterized by abnormally delayed emptying of food from the stomach, is associated with many symptoms that could have an impact on dietary intake.
 The intake of dietary protein, carbohydrate, fat, fiber, vitamins, and minerals was prospectively evaluated in patients with symptomatic IG and compared with asymptomatic controls.
 Twenty-four patients and 24 age- and sex-matched controls completed a detailed 7-day diet record while consuming a self-selected diet.
 Dietary information was entered into a computer and analyzed using the Nutranal program.
 Results were expressed as daily intake and percent recommended dietary allowance (%RDA) when applicable.
 Patients consumed a diet containing fewer calories than would have been predicted based on age, height, sex, frame, and weight (85% of calculated energy expenditure vs 100%) for controls.
 Although patients with IG consumed significantly fewer calories than controls (1112 kcal vs 1431 kcal), the proportion of fat (32% vs 34%), carbohydrate (49% vs 48%), and protein (17% vs 16%) was similar in the two groups.
 Intake of vitamins B6, vitamin C, folate, niacin, riboflavin, thiamine, calcium, copper, iron, magnesium, phosphorus, and zinc were below the %RDA.
 Intake of vitamin B12, vitamin C, folate, thiamine, niacin, magnesium, phosphorus, and zinc were significantly less than controls.
 Vitamin A intake was above the RDA and not different from that of controls.
 Prolonged t1/2 of solids correlated with diminished intake of protein, iron, niacin, and potassium.
 They correlated inversely with serum albumin in patients with idiopathic gastroparesis.
 Conclusion: Although eating less, patients with IG do not consistently alter the proportion of fat, carbohydrate, and protein in their diets.
 Because their diet is markedly deficient in a number of essential vitamins and minerals, dietary evaluation and counseling is suggested for all patients with idiopathic gastroparesis.
