Occurrence of serum antisperm antibodies in patients with cystic fibrosis.
 OBJECTIVE: To determine if acquired obstruction of the vas deferens in men with cystic fibrosis (CF) induced the development of antisperm antibodies with genital tract obstruction similar to other men.
 DESIGN: Serum antisperm antibodies were assayed by an indirect immunobead test and an indirect immunofluorescence assay.
 Both homologous (human sperm/human zona) and heterologous (human sperm/zona-free hamster ova) sperm/egg interactions were evaluated in the presence of serum antisperm antibodies from patients with CF.
 SETTING: Cystic Fibrosis Clinic at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center, a tertiary care referral center.
 PATIENTS: Fifteen CF patients (10 male and 5 female), 3 non-CF antisperm antibody-positive infertile patients (2 male and 1 female), 20 fertile controls (7 males and 13 females), and 9 fertile sperm donors were used.
 INTERVENTIONS: None.
 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum antisperm antibody levels in patients with CF.
 In those patients with antisperm antibodies, determine effect of these sperm antibodies on sperm/egg interactions and complement-mediated events.
 RESULTS: Sera from 3 (30%) of 10 men with CF demonstrated immunoglobulin (Ig)G, IgA, and/or IgM antisperm antibodies, whereas sera from all 5 CF women and the 20 control sera were negative for antisperm antibodies.
 The maximal titers for IgG, IgA, and IgM antisperm antibody were 1:8, 192, 1:256, and 1:64, respectively.
 The immunobead binding, which was restricted to the sperm head and tail-tip or the midpiece and tail-tip, correlated with the indirect immunofluorescence pattern.
 Antisperm antibody-positive sera from men with CF impaired both the binding and penetration of human zonae and the penetration of hamster ova by human sperm.
 CONCLUSIONS: Similar to other men with congenital or acquired obstruction of their genital tract, antisperm antibodies may occur in some men with CF.
 Antisperm antibodies may contribute to immune sperm dysfunction in some men with CF by activated complement-mediated events and interfering with sperm/egg interactions.
