Early bacteriologic, immunologic, and clinical courses of young infants with cystic fibrosis identified by neonatal screening.
 To understand better the events associated with the initiation of lung disease in young children with cystic fibrosis (CF), we prospectively performed a longitudinal study examining the early bacteriologic, immunologic, and clinical courses of 42 children with CF diagnosed after identification by neonatal screening.
 Serial evaluations included history and physical examination, chest radiographs, throat cultures for bacteria, and determinations of serum immunoglobulin levels and circulating immune complexes.
 At a mean follow-up age of 27 months, 19% of the children had serial throat cultures positive for Pseudomonas aeruginosa; the first positive culture was found at a mean age of 21 months.
 In three infants the initial P.
 aeruginosa isolates were mucoid.
 As determined by typing with a DNA probe, serial P.
 aeruginosa isolates from each patient were identical over time but were genetically distinct from isolates recovered from other patients.
 Of 11 infants with P.
 aeruginosa, nine (82%) had previous isolates of Staphylococcus aureus or Haemophilus influenzae; all had received prior antibiotic therapy.
 In comparison with other infants with CF, children with P.
 aeruginosa grown on serial throat cultures more frequently had daily cough (p less than 0.01), lower chest radiograph scores (p less than 0.05), and elevated levels of circulating immune complexes (p less than 0.01).
 None of the study infants had persistent hypogammaglobulinemia or hypergammaglobulinemia.
 We conclude that (1) S.
 aureus and H.
 influenzae remain the isolates most frequently recovered from infants with CF; (2) initial recovery of P.
 aeruginosa by throat culture is often preceded by the onset of chronic respiratory signs; (3) elevations of circulating immune complexes can occur early, often after the initial recovery of P.
 aeruginosa; and (4) early P.
 aeruginosa isolates are genetically distinct, demonstrating the lack of cross-colonization in this newborn population.
