roofer won't call back we had our house reroofed on last tuesday we discovered a leak and contacted our roofer he finally got back to us on tuesday and came out to the house on wednesday to look at it he said some of the shingles we installed improperly and need to be redone he promised us he'd be out there this morning to do it and guess what no roofer my husband left him two messages and no response i am calling him tonight what do i need to say to help him understand that he needs to get it resolved before we have to hire an attorney i've been building years let me tell you something you don't want to hear there are alot of shinglers very few roofers and you'll not likely collect in court either try to find a friend who is happy with thier roofer and pay to get it fixed sadly this is your best option Don't Fear the Roofer Roof Plame affair Ocean's Twelve Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Henry Lee Lucas Plame affair timeline Knots Landing 2004 Republican National Convention Midnight Run Rent (musical) The Amazing Race Evan Mecham Probation officer Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March Appeal Roof and tunnel hacking Fathers' rights movement in the UK Karl Rove Tennessee State Constitution Sheryl Crow History of Test cricket (to 1883) Bush Supreme Court candidates Nuclear option (filibuster) Operation Market Garden Commander in Chief (television) George W. Bush military service controversy Annuity Alberto Gonzales Doomsday rule Roy Moore Pitaten Sears Catalog Home Barrister John Kerr Carpenter Contract James Hanratty Taboo Tuesday Beetle in an Anthill The Shining (film) 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Hutton Inquiry 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Sydney Riot of 1879 The Emancipation of Mimi Objective-C Asbestos Rosa Parks The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary to Quintessential Phases U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Keith Richards Opportunity rover timeline for 2004 March Civil engineering and infrastructure repair in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina The Marriage of Figaro EastEnders Harrow School Downing Street memo Shawn Michaels Paula Jones Beltway sniper attacks Back to the Future timeline The Sims 2 Moss v. Bush Indianapolis 500 Blood Simple Predestination paradox U.S. presidential election, 2004 Wyatt Earp Perl North Carolina Council of State election, 2004 Guns N' Roses Grandview, U.S.A. Avenue Q The Smashing Pumpkins Tom DeLay Michael D. Brown Meaning of life Calculating the day of the week Military opposition to the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji) Tuesday 1919 World Series Jon Secada W. Mark Felt Billboard (advertising) Charles Peace Government of Maryland Marilyn Monroe 2005 NBA Finals Pok__mon Live! Harriet Miers Branch Davidian Big Brother (USA TV series) Attorney at Law Fancy Crane Air traffic controller Spirit rover timeline for 2004 February Donovan Mahmoud Mohamed Taha 