area code i have no idea where this is but does anyone know where the area code is if you know please help thanx is the area code for alexandria washington dc suburbs arlington and northeastern virginia overlays with virginia Alexandria, Virginia Arlington County, Virginia Northern Virginia ZIP Code Fairfax County, Virginia Area code 703 Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area Washington Metro Virginia Washington, D.C. The Pentagon Geography of Washington, D.C. County seat George Washington Memorial Parkway Atlanta metropolitan area Suburb Overlay plan Independent city U.S. National Cemetery BosWash Northeastern United States Union Station (Alexandria) Telephone numbering plan Falls Church, Virginia U.S. Highway 1 14th Street Bridge (Washington, D.C.) Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex North American Numbering Plan Area code 905 Burke, Virginia Blue Line (Washington Metro) Greece dialing code 210 Reston, Virginia Arlington House, The Robert E. Lee Memorial Crescent (Amtrak) Lost counties, cities, and towns of Virginia Potomac River Prince William County, Virginia Hampton Roads Washington County, Virginia Interstate 495 (Capital Beltway) Colgan Air Crystal City, Virginia Silver Spring, Maryland Hecht's U.S. state Potomac Yard History of Washington, D.C. Stafford County, Virginia Charleston, West Virginia Arlington Hall U.S. Highway 50 Grace Hopper Orange and Alexandria Railroad Interstate 66 State university Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad Yohogania County Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Lexington, Virginia Metropolitan area Yellow Line (Washington Metro) History of Virginia Newsweek's List of the 1,000 Top U.S. Schools (2005) Texas Rangers (baseball) West Virginia Transportation in Richmond, Virginia Arlington National Cemetery McLean, Virginia Ashburn, Virginia Chesapeake, Virginia Greater Toronto Area Fredericksburg, Virginia Capital Airlines Charlottesville, Virginia National Historic Landmark Interstate 95 Interstate 395 (District of Columbia-Virginia) Louisiana Cardinal and Hoosier State Local access and transport area Leesburg, Virginia American Viticultural Area Pentagon City, Virginia Northern Virginia Campaign Lyndon LaRouche Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Robert E. Lee Yorktown, Virginia George Washington Tipper Gore Richmond, Virginia Bridgewater Township, New Jersey Allegheny County, Pennsylvania Sports Car Club of America Martha Washington Woodbridge, Virginia Arlington House Morgan County, West Virginia Hurricane Katrina effects by region 