Managing the cleft lip and palate patient.
 We have attempted to elucidate, first through an examination of the basic science of clefting and then through a description of the roles of the various members of the cleft palate team, an understanding of the multiplicity of problems faced by this heterogeneous group of children with cleft lip or palate.
 With an incidence of cleft of 1 in 700 births, all practicing pediatricians will at some time be faced with a patient with a cleft.
 Pediatric management begins in the hospital nursery by ruling out possible associated anomalies (e.g., congenital heart disease or urinary tract) or syndromes.
 At the same time, cleft palate nursers may be needed to overcome feeding problems.
 Simultaneously, counseling for the family begins with a positive attitude toward outcome and an initial explanation of the schedule of corrective procedures, i.e., lip repair at 3 months of age and palate repair at about 1 year.
 The counseling should incorporate an understanding of the cause of clefting, both its genetics and teratogenetics, and then proceed to noting the actual recurrence risks of 1% for a new cleft and 16% if there is a positive family history in a first-degree relative.
 The recurrence risks in recognized syndromes may follow mendelian patterns.
 Later, the pediatrician can help the family deal with multiple ear infections and the likely need for tympanostomy tubes, anticipating the need for tubes in a way that might facilitate placement at the time of anesthesia for the lip or the palate repairs.
 An understanding of the speech and language difficulties that may be encountered in later infancy may relieve parental anxiety.
 Later, after palate repair, knowledge of velopharyngeal incompetence may avert premature hypernasal speech problems caused by adenoidectomy, which should be avoided if at all possible.
 The pediatrician needs to be aware of the tooth malformations that accompany clefting of the alveolus as well as the increased susceptibility to caries, so that the family may be directed to early intervention by the pediatric dentist.
 With support by pediatrics of the efforts of pediatric dentistry, the child is then in optimal condition for orthodontics.
 Continually keeping the child's emotional adjustment in mind, the pediatrician can encourage the child and family, knowing that with palatal expansion techniques plus possible bone graft surgery to the cleft alveolus at about 9 years of age, the child may be orthodontically corrected to very near normal.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
