what would you have lost by winning what would you have gained by losing can you take back what you've lost in winning and is what you've gained in losing worth it sometimes when you win you get caught up and lose what it feels like to lose and when you finally lose again it comes as a shock you might not be ready for when you lose you gain humility and a determination to do better next time Super Bowl XXVII 2002 Tour de France 2005 English cricket season Ecco the Dolphin Ipswich Town F.C. Videocon Tri-Series 2005-06 Bryan Robson Norway national football team Alex Ferguson Cleveland Browns New York Giants Ra (board game) The Apprentice 3 Bj__rn Borg Newcastle United F.C. The Contender (television series) San Francisco Giants San Francisco 49ers The Apprentice 2 Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Super Bowl XXXIV American football Kurt Angle ELO rating system World Series Laws of cricket Atlanta Braves Bundesliga (football) The Football League New York Jets Marco Pantani Hollywood Squares Blackjack Piccolo (Dragon Ball) Duelist Kingdom Wheel of Fortune New Zealand general election 1999 Gordon Banks NBA Finals Survivor: Pearl Islands Big Brother (USA TV series) Philadelphia 76ers Cincinnati Bengals Iron Bowl Roush Racing Poker jargon Super Bowl XI Franco-Prussian War St. Louis Rams Booker Huffman Houston Rockets Steffi Graf Memorial Stadium, Clemson Nottingham Forest F.C. Match Game New Zealand general election, 2002 Roy Jones Jr. FA Cup Super Bowl IX Super Bowl XXVI Shen Gong Wu Winning Streak Roger Federer Rugby union Super Bowl XIII Amy Dumas Plaid Cymru Sicilian Expedition Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Ricky Morton Australian legislative election, 2004 Waking the Dragons Chess terminology Australian electoral system International cricket in 2005 Portsmouth F.C. Ben Johnson (athlete) Buffalo Bills Canadian football Pok__mon Live! The Caves of Androzani Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Troms__ I.L. 1957 World Series Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Detroit Red Wings St. Louis Cardinals Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist Leon White One-day cricket Pittsburgh Steelers West Bromwich Albion F.C. Super Bowl XVIII Ray Mancini Mats Wilander Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Barry Goldwater Sunderland A.F.C. 