what were the presidents who left office early i found all the other questions on my honors history worksheet but i cannot find this one richard nixon is the only one i can find did bill clinton get impeached and leave early or was he impeached after his term i can't remember please list all that you know are correct by left i gather you mean who were succeeded by their vice presidents which would exclude nixon since ford was not his vice president spiro agnew had already resigned but rather the speaker of the house third in line of presidential succession but since nixon did leave office before his term would have expired he qualifies for this question and while bill clinton did get impeached nixon resigned before he probably would have been impeached that is accused of high crimes and misdemeanors under the constitutionhe was not convicted and did not resign of the other presidents i've identified here which ones they were and the years they died presidents who died of illness during their terms of office include william henry harrison th zachary taylor th warren harding th and franklin roosevelt nd presidents who were assassinated during their terms of office and thus left office early and permanently include abraham lincoln th james garfield th william mckinley th and john kennedy th Acting President of the United States Presidential Succession Act Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution U.S. Congressional Delegations from Delaware Democratic Party (United States) Republican Party (United States) Gerald Ford Impeachment Richard Nixon Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Congress of the United States Spiro Agnew United States House of Representatives Political scandals of the United States Lewinsky scandal United States Senate Andrew Johnson Supreme Court of the United States Separation of powers under the United States Constitution James K. Polk Article Two of the United States Constitution Theodore Roosevelt Bill Clinton John F. Kennedy assassination U.S. Electoral College Whig Party (United States) Movement to impeach George W. Bush Chief Justice of the United States Article One of the United States Constitution Assassins (musical) Watergate scandal William Rehnquist White House John F. Kennedy U.S. presidential election, 1976 William O. Douglas Warren G. Harding Lyndon B. Johnson Head of state Presidential library William Scranton Karl Rove Hillary Rodham Clinton Resignation British House of Commons Dick Cheney Ann Coulter U.S. presidential election, 1972 George W. Bush Plame affair Jefferson Davis U.S. presidential election, 1968 U.S. presidential election debates Richard Nixon Library & Birthplace James A. Garfield Presidential system Eighty-second United States Congress American liberalism Politics of the Southern United States Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo Impeachment of Bill Clinton Leon Panetta John Connally President of Ireland Dwight D. Eisenhower Air Force One Governor of California Third party (United States) Casting vote President of Germany Franklin D. Roosevelt Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. Zachary Taylor Sixty-first United States Congress W. Mark Felt Abraham Lincoln Tip O'Neill Pardon Economic history of the United States James Buchanan Barry Goldwater President of India Sixtieth United States Congress Parliament of the United Kingdom Tony Blair 