who was eliminated on so you think you can dance aug aug jeshh can you believe they moved the show for some dumb football game that doesn't count oh well i guess advertising money matters the most monday is the elimination show then a two hour show wednesday and thursday is the finale Major League Baseball television contracts Monday Night Football National Football League Winning Streak Wednesday Wheel of Fortune Seinfeld Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Monday NFL on television Rock Star: INXS Liturgical year Carnival Disgaea: Hour of Darkness May 2005 in Britain and Ireland WWE Friday Night SmackDown! Calculating the day of the week Hollywood Squares Thursday Ken Jennings Family Feud Midnight Run Lunar phase July 2005 in Britain and Ireland What's My Line? Venezuelan recall referendum, 2004 Bowl Championship Series The Guardian Professional wrestling match types Doomsday rule Married... with Children Big Brother (Australian TV series) Brazil national football team TalkSPORT Queer as Folk (U.S.) 21 July 2005 London bombings British House of Commons Closings and cancellations following the September 11, 2001 attacks MTV2 James T. Aubrey, Jr. Bob Harris (radio) Scrabble (game show) 1896 Summer Olympics Match Game Backward induction Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Lynbrook High School Adult Swim Hurricane Katrina timeline Alias (TV series) Poland at the 2004 Summer Olympics CBC Radio One The Amazing Race E3 Canadian Football League Days of the week Back to the Future timeline ISO 8601 Middle Tennessee State University 3-2-1 KNHC (FM) Fasting Sunday Opportunity rover timeline for 2004 March International Date Line Now You See It September 11, 2001 attacks timeline for September Rosa Parks Whose Line Is It Anyway? Easter Ocean's Twelve The Apprentice August 2005 in sports StarStruck BBC Radio 2 August 2005 in Britain and Ireland Ash Wednesday The Mole Playoff format World Football League Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March International Fixed Calendar Effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans WQHT (FM) Ray Wilson (footballer) Mack Brown Leon White Jeopardy! The Standard Thanksgiving Greed (game show) George Soros Single Transferable Vote WFAN (AM) June 2005 in sports Bullseye (British game show) USA Network Asahi Broadcasting Corporation Leeds United F.C. 