please answer one of the eternal mysteries of the universe why does the english national rugby team use swing low sweet chariot as their theme song the song is about the underground railroad in the us in the s a series of tunnels which slaves used to escape to the north to freedom probably this is why i can't be exact though coming into the last match of the season against ireland at twickenham england had lost of their previous matches in the five nations championship the twickenham crowd had only seen one solitary england try in the previous two years and at half time against ireland they were down during the second half the floodgates opened and england scored a remarkable six tries in a thumping win three of the tries came in quick succession from chris oti a black player making his twickenham debut a group from the benedictine school douai started to sing a rugby club favourite the gospel hymn swing low sweet chariot in honour of their new hero the whole crowd joined in the england national rugby union team returned from the world cup triumph in australia on a plane dubbed 'sweet chariot' the song is still regularly sung at matches by supporters for further info check out the link below Rugby union Wales national rugby union team Bristol Rugby History of rugby union Norway national football team English cricket team Scotland national rugby union team Jonny Wilkinson Ireland national rugby union team Australian national rugby union team Twickenham Stadium Rugby football The Ashes South Africa national rugby union team Rugby league Bath Rugby Newcastle United F.C. 1999 Rugby Union World Cup Spiritual (music) England national football team British Home Championship FA Cup Frank Lampard Wales national rugby league team Football chant Heineken Cup Jonah Lomu Celtic F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Football (soccer) History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) International cricket in 2005 Sports timeline History of rugby league National Rugby League Bobby Charlton Huddersfield Giants Alan Shearer Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Ben Cohen (rugby player) February 2005 in sports 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Alex Ferguson Football in the United Kingdom Sale Sharks John McEnroe Australian rules football Chelsea F.C. Guinness Premiership 2005 English cricket season Shawn Michaels England national rugby league team St. Louis Cardinals Denis Law Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Indian Oil Cup 2005 Rugby union in Wales Australian cricket team Troms__ I.L. France national rugby union team Paul Ince Sport in Ireland Manchester United F.C. Super League (Australia) Tennis All Blacks Aston Villa F.C. West Indian cricket team History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Rugby union positions The Championships, Wimbledon Argentina national rugby union team Football World Cup Millennium Stadium Everton F.C. Italy national rugby union team International League Mick Channon University College Dublin F.C. June 2005 in Britain and Ireland Videocon Tri-Series 2005-06 Michael Owen Norwich City F.C. 2004-05 in English football Italy national football team Blackburn Rovers F.C. 