any recommendations for fantasy romance books i have already read stephenie meyer's twilight series j k rowling's harry potter series phil pullman's his dark materials christopher paolini's inheritance series c s lewis' narnia series garth nix's abhorsen trilogy gail carson levine's books ella enchanted the two princesses of bamarre etc tamora pierce's books circle of magic series protector of the small series the lioness quartet etc i am also a great fan of meg cabot sophie kinsella so i'm looking for a good fantasy romance related books they don't necessarily have to be in a series i am in my late teens i am trying to stay away from fanfiction and i did not know where else to find suggestions please please do help i recommend ursula le guin's wizard of earthsea series robin mckinley's blue sword as well as her hero the crown anne mccaffrey's pern books are good so are patricia wrede's princess and the dragon books you might also like scott westerfeld's uglies pretties specials Young adult literature The Chronicles of Narnia Fantasy Wizard A Wizard of Earthsea Mary Sue Philip Pullman Fan fiction Dragonlance The Lord of the Rings Ursula K. Le Guin Tamora Pierce Merlin (wizard) Newbery Honor History of fantasy Messiahs in fiction and fantasy Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Earthsea Dragon The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Garth Nix Patricia Wrede Dragonriders of Pern Mercedes Lackey Necromancy J. K. Rowling Ginny Weasley Magical objects in Harry Potter C. S. Lewis Hogwarts Fantasy subgenres Elf Line of succession to the British Throne Link (Legend of Zelda) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets FanFiction.Net Slayers World Fantasy Award for Best Novel Filk music Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban The Legend of Zelda series Manga Minor Harry Potter Beasts Fantasy film Anne Rice Kingdom Hearts II Hermione Granger His Dark Materials Terry Pratchett Severus Snape Narnia The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Wonder Woman Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Quest for Glory Eragon Harry Potter: Book Seven Dungeons & Dragons L. Sprague de Camp Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Kingdom Hearts Many worlds and possible worlds in literature and art Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Academy Award for Original Music Score Gainax Beowulf Gary Gygax Discworld King Arthur Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Diagon Alley Children's literature S.M. Stirling Fantasy Elves Knots Landing R.A.B. Cinderella World Fantasy Award for Best Novella Canon (fiction) Buffy the Vampire Slayer Magical beasts (Harry Potter) Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Dean Koontz Fictional character The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Genre fiction The Farthest Shore Legion of Super-Heroes Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone The Foundation Series J. R. R. Tolkien King's Quest 