did hannibal inspire st petersburg in huck finn did the town where mark twain grew up hannibal missouri inspire the fictional town of st petersburg missouri in the adventures of huckleberry finn yes it did much of what you read in huckleberry finn and tom sawyer for that matter can be found in and around hannibal i've visited hannibal toured the cave and seen jackson's island twain's boyhood home even has a white picket fence there were real life counterparts to most of the characters tom sawyer was twain himself and huck and becky represented childhood friends there was even a real life counterpart to injun joe and his name was injun joe you've seen the norman rockwell paintings based on twain's writings well rockwell visited hannibal before painting the pictures The Adventures of Tom Sawyer Mark Twain Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Children's literature Legend tripping Jack Kerouac Simpsons Tall Tales Hannibal, Missouri Norman Rockwell Big River (musical) Mississippi River Southern literature The Mysterious Stranger Ghost Huckleberry Hound History of modern literature The Silence of the Lambs Unreliable narrator Point of view (literature) Springfield (The Simpsons) Mary Jane Watson Literature of the United States Abbie G. Rogers Classics Illustrated National Historic Landmark Henry H. Rogers Pogo Hartford, Connecticut Novel Frontierland Midwestern United States Shania Twain Red Dragon Nigger Jack Pickford James "Sawyer" Ford One Tree Hill (TV series) Peter Pan Colonel Potter Moving Pictures (album) Missouri Question (comics) Hannibal Hamlin Picaresque novel Meramec Caverns Fionn mac Cumhail H. L. Mencken Saul Bellow The Hotel New Hampshire Interstate 72 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Disneyland Lazarillo de Tormes Roseanne For Better or For Worse Robert J. Sawyer Jason Robards Damn Yankees Bildungsroman Samantha Smith Jack London Arnold Bennett Virginian Railway Democratic Party (United States) J. R. R. Tolkien Pioneer Zephyr Kansas City, Missouri Cindy Sheehan Gilded Generation Animated television series Hannibal King Warren G. Harding Julia A. Moore Marc Chagall River Leo Tolstoy History of Finland George MacDonald Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner Tom Strong Elijah Wood Anna Karenina Blade (comics) Wamsutta Oil Refinery Saint Petersburg Finnish language Ninety-eighth United States Congress 104th United States Congress Quincy, Illinois Split Enz 106th United States Congress Vanity Fair Moomin 105th United States Congress Academy Award for Best Art Direction Campania Science fiction 