can anyone tell me some really good books because i'm going to the library and clueless on what to read i'm willing to read anything but i don't really understand fantasy but if you really liked a fantasy book go ahead and recommend it and i'll search it to see what it is about i just got done reading a book called absouletely normal chaos by sharon creech it was about a girl who had to keep track of a journal over the summer and it was about her adventures of a cousin coming up and her neighbor dying and best friend drama and finding a boyfriend i'm looking for something a tad bit different from that but i love teen books don't get me wrong i just don't like reading stories in diary format i just read ordinary people which was great about a boy who tried to commit suicide and it goes through showing how the family tries to cope with it after takes place in chicago i'm now starting crime and punishment by fyodor dostoevsky seems interesting another good book is franny and zooey by j d salinger it's about a girl who is confused about religion after reading a book and goes back home to sort things out with her genius family confederacy of dunces is hilarious Fyodor Dostoevsky Young adult literature The Lovely Bones Friends Avenue Q Franny and Zooey The Brothers Karamazov Crime and Punishment Incarnations of Immortality Infantilism Kim Possible Theory of conduct Superhero One Tree Hill (TV series) Hilary Duff Suicide Kodocha EastEnders About a Boy Novel The Emancipation of Mimi Don Quixote Glass family Milton H. Erickson Great Teacher Onizuka Arthur Machen Kender Soap opera The O.C. The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe W.I.T.C.H. H. G. Wells Ludwig Wittgenstein Discworld The Chronicles of Narnia Legal research Jon Secada Charmed The Beach Boys One Life to Live Sonic the Hedgehog Mandy Moore Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Brian Wilson Neil Gaiman Earth Girl Arjuna Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Good Times Simone Weil Harry Potter His Dark Materials Phoebe Halliwell J. R. R. Tolkien The Inside Spice Girls Funeral Alignment (role-playing games) Tuberculosis John Kennedy Toole Sharon Tate Grief John Berryman Fantastic Four Neighbours Jiddu Krishnamurti The Adventures of Pete & Pete The Catcher in the Rye Human sexual behavior Crime fiction The Dunciad Final Fantasy Legend III Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Sin City Manga Sex and the City Joker (comics) Child sexuality Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Capital punishment Columbine High School massacre The Outsiders (novel) Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold Friedrich Nietzsche Care Bears Lewis Carroll Social rule Interactive fiction American comic book Humphrey Bogart The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Hey Arnold! C. S. Lewis Fahrenheit 451 The Trial A Confederacy of Dunces 