is there a futuristic dark fantasy book out i am a big fan of laurell k hamilton lynn viehl j r ward sherrilyn kenyon and many others i am interested in finding a book with the dark fantasy set in the future i am also a writer and i want to compare ideas i realize that the authors i mentioned are women but i am not bias so please list male authors and i don't care if the genre is romance sci fi fantasy etc william gibson neuromancer Science fiction Fantasy Cyberpunk Steampunk Gary Gygax William Gibson (novelist) Manga Fantasy subgenres High fantasy Romance novel Superhero Knots Landing Fighting Fantasy Game Books Neuromancer Fan fiction Frank Herbert The Matrix The Foundation Series Genre fiction Literature Final Fantasy III Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book Role-playing game History of science fiction Neil Gaiman The Chronicles of Narnia Kenyon College American comic book Laurell K. Hamilton Nova (novel) C. J. Cherryh Novel The Chronicles of Amber Science fiction film Kim Stanley Robinson H.P. Lovecraft The Sprawl trilogy Tolkien fandom Fictional universe John Shirley Young adult literature Blade Runner Electric Light Orchestra Eisner Award Crime fiction Ghost in the Shell Romance (genre) Pseudonym Anime C. S. Lewis Legion of Super-Heroes History of fantasy DC Comics L. Frank Baum Gormenghast Warhammer Fantasy Battle Michael Moorcock Computer role-playing game Star Wars Sex and the City Country music Dying Earth subgenre Xanth Dark fantasy Fantasy world Japanese literature A. E. van Vogt Silver Age of Comic Books Mercedes Lackey Aurora Award Mary Sue The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Ursula K. Le Guin Shadowrun Black Sabbath Sailor Moon Britney Spears World Fantasy Award for Best Novella The Ashlee Simpson Show Modern Age of Comic Books Our Gang George Edgar Slusser Sci Fi Channel (United States) General Hospital Child sexuality Science fiction magazine Necromancy The Lord of the Rings MMORPG Dark Ages Street-Legal Airport novel Dark matter Shared universe Spy fiction The Dark is Rising Sequence H. G. Wells Literature of the United States 