what books do you think would be great for an incoming th grader i need a good book which i'll get a good grade on for a book report i dunno which book will be suitable for me but i need a good story cuz watever i do on it will determine our reading classes grade and i need to be in advance reading or else my mom will kill me lol plz and thanx a classic judy blume novel such as are you there god it's me margaret the view from saturday or from the mixed up files of mrs basil e frankweiler both by e l konigsburg holes louis sachar there are a lot if you're adventurous try animal farm by george orwell read it in th grade for a class project and loved it go to your local library or bookstore and browse for a book you think you would like however try to get something that deals with real life situations for example i wouldn't get anything written by tamora pierce a popular fantasy novelist for a school report exceptions to this are classics such as the lion the witch and the wardrobe c s lewis and artemis fowl by eoin colfer ask an english teacher or a librarian C. S. Lewis Young adult literature The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe The Chronicles of Narnia E. L. Konigsburg Eoin Colfer Newbery Medal George Orwell Judy Blume From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler Artemis Fowl (series) Tamora Pierce The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Artemis Fowl: The Opal Deception Louis Sachar Fairy Artemis Fowl II Grade (education) H. G. Wells Hollow Earth Librarian Conan the Barbarian Modesty Blaise David Holbrook Graduate school L. Frank Baum Artemis Fowl: The Eternity Code Artemis Fowl (book) Novel Kodocha Narnia Genre fiction Doug Anne Rice Recurring South Park characters Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Peter Cook Crime fiction The Catcher in the Rye Children's literature Discworld The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) Teacher's Pet (Disney) Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident Education in the United States Book The Magician's Nephew Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide Hogwarts LEPrecon No Child Left Behind Act Paul Gallico James Bond Columbine High School massacre His Dark Materials Thanksgiving J. R. R. Tolkien Tripartite System Big Read Fantasy subgenres Choose Your Own Adventure Dungeons & Dragons Gary Gygax Science fiction on television Domovoi Butler Open access Treehouse of Horror V Library of Congress Neil Gaiman The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Literature Phillips Exeter Academy Harvey Award Pixie Victorian literature Sonic the Hedgehog V.F.D. Witches (Discworld) Edgar Cayce Great Teacher Onizuka The Adventures of Pete & Pete Library White Witch Yu-Gi-Oh! Philip Pullman Education in Hong Kong Humphrey Bogart Dorothy Gale Comic book Science fiction Lewis Carroll Code: Lyoko Garfield Hunter College High School Whodunit Saul Bellow The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius 