be as quick as you can lets see how many answers we can get in one hour what is the time now as requested lets extend the time to hrs then all partisipans vote for the answer above the first answer votes for the last then everybody gets points as for me i dont vote enjoy Hour Eddie Murphy Same-sex marriage in Canada Parliament of Canada Algebraic geometry Parliament of the United Kingdom Government of France Big Brother (USA TV series) President of Germany 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Election Constructive Vote of No Confidence FidoNet Domain Name System Freedom of information legislation Bush v. Gore University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point Prime Minister of Canada Kasparov versus The World Equal Protection Clause 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Home run The Apprentice 2 Canadian House of Commons Discovery (law) Redundant array of independent disks Battle of the Bulge Failure rate Head of state Supreme Court of the United States Swingout Andr__s Galarraga U.S. presidential election, 2004 Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe Nomar Garciaparra Family Feud Sant Thakar Singh 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Iranian presidential election, 2005 Quizbowl Jennifer Lopez Match Game Article Five of the United States Constitution U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 United States House of Representatives Diet of Japan Speaker of the British House of Commons British House of Commons Pascal's theorem Jeff Kent Territory of Hawaii 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Walter Grauman E.L.E.C.T.I.O.N.S. Vladimir Guerrero London mayoral election, 2004 French States-General Rocko's Modern Life The Long Game Donald Neilson Countdown (game show) Chain Reaction (game show) France The Last Outpost (TNG episode) Bluetooth Wikipedia Israel's unilateral disengagement plan Legislative Yuan Liberal Democrats (UK) Indian nationality law Canadian Senate Montgomery Burns Politics of Canada Civil Marriage Act SAT Have I Got News For You SmartAsk Rodney McKay Halting problem Student Congress Synergy Moss v. Bush Elections in Malaysia The Contender (television series) 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Proportional representation Prime Minister's Questions Something Awful Forums Kepler's laws of planetary motion 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Modernization of Sweden Monty Hall problem Bayes' theorem Letting In the Jungle Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Head of government Jim Rice Dream Job (Season 1) 