do we really need two pence pieces if two pence pieces were taken out of circulation and the monetary value made up with extra pennies and pence pieces would this create any significant problems it seems to me that p pieces are largely unnecessary as a denomination two individual pennies don't exactly take up that much more space in your pocket than a single p piece the main concern that the central bank would have is the psychological effect of changing the currency the longer the currency all stays the same the more psychological confidence people tend to have in it this is actually why the us kept the traditional greenback look far too long the federal reserve system was more concerned with losing confidence than in counterfeiting Euro Legal tender Gold standard Money Canadian dollar British coinage Pound sterling Australian dollar Monetary policy Fiat money Currency Money supply Hyperinflation Irish pound Coinage of the Republic of Ireland History of the halfpenny Inflation Philippine peso New Zealand dollar Deflation (economics) History of the English penny (1154-1485) Asian financial crisis Hong Kong dollar Romanian leu Bretton Woods system Government debt Monetarism Argentine Currency Board Renminbi Banknote U.S. one hundred-dollar bill Ringgit United States Note Shilling U.S. ten-dollar bill Gresham's law Supply-side economics Comorian franc Federal Reserve Jamaican dollar CFA franc Mexican peso U.S. five-dollar bill Central bank U.S. twenty-dollar bill Markka Liberty Dollar Great Depression U.S. fifty-dollar bill Debt Bank Economy of the United States Bank of England British Fifty Pence coin Argentine economic crisis (1999-2002) Microeconomics Supply and demand Real (currency) Rupiah Iraqi dinar U.S. two-dollar bill Fractional-reserve banking Cent (currency) Deutsche Mark Economy of India Slot machine Reserve Bank of India Large denomination bills in U.S. currency Article One of the United States Constitution International Monetary Fund Magic (illusion) Exchange rate Penny Red Banknotes of the Republic of Ireland Economy of Russia Gold Money creation Decimal Day Hong Kong Monetary Authority A Course In Miracles Rufiyaa Dime (U.S. coin) Psychology Euro banknotes U.S. public debt Counterfeit Central processing unit Polymer banknote Capital accumulation Nickel (U.S. coin) English plural Yen Economics Infantilism Bank of Canada Numerology Warez 