have your history teacher explain this if he she can abraham lincoln was elected to congress in john f kennedy was elected to congress in abraham lincoln was elected president in john f kennedy was elected president in the names lincoln and kennedy each contain seven letters both were particularly concerned with civil rights both wives lost a child while living in the white house both presidents were shot on a friday both presidents were shot in the head lincoln s secretary was named kennedy kennedy s secretary was named lincoln both were assassinated by southerners both were succeeded by southerners named johnson andrew johnson who succeeded lincoln was born in lyndon johnson who succeeded kennedy was born in there are thirteen letters in their first and last names john wilkes booth who assassinated lincoln was born in lee harvey oswald who assassinated kennedy was born in both assassins were known by their three names both names are composed of fifteen letters lincoln was shot at the theater named ford later renamed kennedy kennedy was shot in a car manufactured by ford called lincoln booth ran from the theater and was caught in a warehouse oswald ran from a warehouse and was caught in a theater booth and oswald were assassinated before their trials and here s the kicker a week before lincoln was shot he was in monroe maryland a week before kennedy was shot he was in marilyn monroe i've always heard that history repeats itself this is kinda weird if if this is true wow unlike the lincoln assissination they still haven't revealed the real killers of kennedy there was only one shot fired at lincoln whereas there were three or four at kennedy maybe some of us will live long enough to find out President of the United States John F. Kennedy assassination John F. Kennedy John Wilkes Booth Abraham Lincoln Assassins (musical) Assassination Andrew Johnson Lee Harvey Oswald Warren Commission Detailed timeline of the assassination of John F. Kennedy Vice President of the United States Robert F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson Martin Luther King, Jr. Democratic Party (United States) Gerald Ford Marilyn Manson United States presidential line of succession Ted Kennedy Ford's Theatre American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Southern Democrats History of Washington, D.C. Samuel Mudd State funeral of John F. Kennedy Hubert H. Humphrey House Select Committee on Assassinations History of the United States (1964-1980) American Civil War Whig Party (United States) History of the United States (1945-1964) Politics of the Southern United States Barry Goldwater NAACP Lincoln (automobile) United States Senate John Brown (abolitionist) Acting President of the United States Conspiracy theory Jefferson Davis Ralph Yarborough Robert Todd Lincoln History of Maryland Confederate States of America Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy George Atzerodt Ticket balance Radical Republican Andrew Jackson Congress of the United States Dealey Plaza Greenmount Cemetery John Hinckley, Jr. George Wallace William H. Seward Dictabelt evidence relating to the assassination of John F. Kennedy U.S. Senate election, 2006 Robert Byrd Thurgood Marshall U.S. presidential election, 1968 History of the United States (1789-1849) Southern United States John Quincy Adams African American history George W. Bush Gettysburg Address William Scranton History of the United States Mary Surratt James Monroe Fort Monroe Solid South Marilyn Monroe Article Two of the United States Constitution Kennedy family Theodore Roosevelt 2004 Republican National Convention Washington, D.C. United States Capitol We Didn't Start the Fire Dahlgren Affair U.S. Congressional Delegations from Delaware State funeral Air Force One J. Edgar Hoover Wyatt Earp The George Washington University 