im so bored need advice i have just moved back to the isle of man after living in london for years i feel so alone here it's unreal all my friends have gone and i feel like running away where do i start i'm and no one single' i m lost all i know is across or icland pleae help hi its understandable you feel this way coming from a buzzing place like london then moving back to the isle of man have you looked up if there are any club nights or if thats not your thing maybe gay friendly bars if there are not any gay bars there i think it will take you a while to settle back there but you can always plan ahead if you are thinking about moving again i lived in brighton for years then moved back to nottingham its was quite a shock not that there is anything wrong with nottingham i am now thinking about moving back there or trying somewhere new like manchester birmingham or even abroad Nottingham Forest F.C. Alex Ferguson FA Cup Bryan Robson Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. EastEnders Peter Shilton Friends First English Civil War Crystal Palace F.C. Metropolitan and non-metropolitan counties of England Gay bar House music English cricket team Blackburn Rovers F.C. Sex Pistols Brian Clough Queer as Folk (U.S.) The Football League UK telephone numbering plan 2000 Australian Grand Prix England Bobby Charlton 2004-05 in English football Cliff Richard Avenue Q The Apprentice 2 England national football team Brighton Manchester History of Arsenal F.C. Hastings United FC History of rail transport in Great Britain Sleeping Murder Great Central Railway The Golden Girls Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Charles Peace Newcastle United F.C. Shaggy dog story The Chemical Brothers Midland Main Line The Contender (television series) Norway national football team Ex-gay Garth Brooks Nightclub Manchester United 1986-1999 St. Elmo's Fire (film) ITV Religious Society of Friends Jon Secada Midland Counties Railway Knots Landing D. H. Lawrence Wrexham A.F.C. Geology of the British Isles Arsenal F.C. Anne of Great Britain The Late Late Show University of Nottingham Derby County F.C. Singapore gay equality movement Gordon Banks Paul Ince God Emperor of Dune Gay village ONS coding system Millwall F.C. Leeds Time Out of Mind Manchester United pre-1945 Phoebe Halliwell Tranmere Rovers F.C. Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Ethics Glasgow International Airport Gay English Civil War Pet Shop Boys Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Notts County F.C. Watch the K-Foundation Burn a Million Quid Bournemouth Roy Keane The Subtle Knife Everton F.C. Bracknell Bees Darwin from Descent of Man to Emotions London Underground Aston Villa F.C. Teddy Sheringham Four Quartets Gordon McQueen London Prince Edmund (Blackadder) English English Kender Gay bathhouse 