Vaccination with Legionella pneumophila membranes induces cell-mediated and protective immunity in a guinea pig model of Legionnaires' disease. Protective immunity independent of the major secretory protein of Legionella pneumophila.
 We have examined the capacity of Legionella pneumophila membranes to induce cell-mediated immune responses and protective immunity in a guinea pig model of Legionnaires' disease.
 Guinea pigs immunized by aerosol with L.
 pneumophila membranes developed strong cell-mediated immune responses to L.
 pneumophila membranes as demonstrated by cutaneous delayed-type hypersensitivity and in vitro splenic lymphocyte proliferation.
 Guinea pigs immunized by aerosol or by subcutaneous inoculation with L.
 pneumophila membranes developed strong protective immunity against lethal aerosol challenge with L.
 pneumophila.
 Overall, in six independent experiments, 39 of 49 (80%) guinea pigs immunized with L.
 pneumophila membranes survived challenge compared with 2 of 40 (5%) sham-immunized controls (P = 2 x 10(-13).
 In contrast, guinea pigs immunized by aerosol with formalin-killed L.
 pneumophila did not develop either a strong cell-mediated immune response to L.
 pneumophila antigens or protective immunity to lethal aerosol challenge.
 The capacity of L.
 pneumophila membranes to induce protective immunity was independent of the major secretory protein of L.
 pneumophila, which we previously demonstrated is an immunoprotective molecule.
 Purified L.
 pneumophila membranes did not contain detectable major secretory protein (MSP) on immunoblots; immunization of guinea pigs with L.
 pneumophila membranes did not induce anti-MSP antibody; and guinea pigs developed comparable protective immunity after immunization with membranes from either an L.
 pneumophila strain that secretes the major secretory protein or an isogenic mutant that does not.
 This study demonstrates that (a) immunization with L.
 pneumophila membranes but not formalin-killed L.
 pneumophila induces strong cell-mediated immune responses and protective immunity, (b) L.
 pneumophila membranes contain immunoprotective molecules distinct from the major secretory protein of L.
 pneumophila, and (c) L.
 pneumophila membranes have potential as a vaccine against Legionnaires' disease.
