Studies of allogeneic bone marrow and spleen cell transplantation in a murine model using ultraviolet-B light.
 Ultraviolet irradiation inhibits alloreactive and mitogen-induced responses and might reduce both graft-versus-host and host-versus-graft reactions after bone marrow transplantation (BMT).
 We have studied proliferative responses to mitogens and reactivity in mixed lymphocyte culture after irradiation with ultraviolet (UV)-B light using splenocytes from Balb/c (H-2d) and CBA (H-2k) mice.
 Response to mitogens and in MLC was strongly inhibited by 20 J/m2 and abolished at 50 J/m2.
 Clonogenic cell recovery (CFU-GM; CFU-S) after UV-B irradiation was also reduced.
 When bone marrow and spleen cells were transplanted from parent (Balb/c) animals into F1 hybrid (Balb/c X CBA) recipients, all animals died with features indicative of graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) in 34 days.
 If the grafts were first irradiated with 100 J/m2 of UV-B at a mean wavelength of 310 nm, then 76% survived to day 80 when they were killed and shown to have normal marrow cellularity.
 The remainder died in marrow aplasia or of GVHD.
 H-2 typing in a group of surviving recipients showed either donor hematopoiesis only (8 of 15), mixed allogeneic chimerism (5 of 15), or recipient type hematopoiesis (2 of 15).
 Higher doses (200 to 300 J/m2) were detrimental to survival with 88% of recipients dying in marrow aplasia.
 Syngeneic BMT in Balb/c mice showed slower hematopoietic reconstitution when the grafts were first irradiated with 100 J/m2.
 After BMT from Balb/c to CBA mice all recipients of unirradiated grafts died within 54 days.
 By contrast, after graft irradiation with 100 J/m2 survival of recipient animals to day 80 was 59%.
 If these grafts were treated with 50 J/m2 survival was only 26% with an increase in deaths due to GVHD.
 Hematopoiesis at day 80 in a group of survivors studied by Ig heavy chain allotyping indicated donor type hematopoiesis in 6 of 10 (50 J/m2) and 2 of 9 (100 J/m2).
 These data indicate that UV-B irradiation inhibits lymphocyte reactivity and can prevent GVHD.
 However, there is clear in vitro and in vivo evidence of stem cell damage, such that autologous marrow recovery was demonstrated in a proportion of recipients.
 In parent----F1 UV-irradiated transplants, sustained hematopoietic recovery was effected in the majority by donor stem cells.
