A phase I evaluation of the safety and immunogenicity of vaccination with recombinant gp160 in patients with early human immunodeficiency virus infection. Military Medical Consortium for Applied Retroviral Research 
 BACKGROUND.
 Despite multiple antiviral humoral and cellular immune responses, infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) results in a progressively debilitating disease.
 We hypothesized that a more effective immune response could be generated by post-infection vaccination with HIV-specific antigens.
 METHODS.
 We performed a phase I trial of the safety and immunogenicity of a vaccine prepared from molecularly cloned envelope protein, gp160, in 30 volunteer subjects with HIV infection in Walter Reed stage 1 or 2.
 The vaccine was administered either on days 0, 30, and 120 or on days 0, 30, 60, 120, 150, and 180.
 HIV-specific humoral and cellular immune responses were measured; local and systemic reactions to vaccination, including general measures of immune function, were monitored.
 RESULTS.
 In 19 of the 30 subjects both humoral and cellular immunity to HIV envelope proteins increased in response to vaccination with gp160.
 Seroconversion to selected envelope epitopes was observed, as were new T-cell proliferative responses to gp160.
 Response was associated with the CD4 cell count determined before vaccination (13 of 16 subjects [81 percent] with greater than 600 cells per milliliter responded, as compared with 6 of 14 [43 percent] with less than or equal to 600 cells per milliliter; P = 0.07) and with the number of injections administered (87 percent of subjects randomly assigned to receive six injections responded, as compared with 40 percent of those assigned to three injections; P = 0.02).
 Local reactions at the site of injection were mild.
 There were no adverse systemic reactions, including diminution of general in vitro or in vivo cellular immune function.
 After 10 months of follow-up, the mean CD4 count had not decreased in the 19 subjects who responded, but it had decreased by 7.3 percent in the 11 who did not respond.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 This gp160 vaccine is safe and immunogenic in volunteer patients with early HIV infection.
 Although it is too early to know whether this approach will be clinically useful, further scientific and therapeutic evaluation of HIV-specific vaccine therapy is warranted.
 Similar vaccines may prove to be effective for other chronic infections.
