IFN-gamma differentially modulates the susceptibility of L1210 and P815 tumor targets for macrophage-mediated cytotoxicity. Role of macrophage-target interaction coupled to nitric oxide generation, but independent of tumor necrosis factor production.
 IFN-gamma primes murine macrophages to render them responsive for triggering by subactivating concentrations of bacterial LPS to mediate nonspecific tumor cytotoxicity.
 However, IFN-gamma also has direct anti-proliferative effects on transformed cells that serve as sensitive tumor targets for cytotoxic macrophages.
 We investigated the effects of preexposure of L1210 mouse leukemia and P815 mouse mastocytoma targets to rIFN-gamma on changes in their susceptibility to cytotoxicity by LPS-activated mouse peritoneal macrophages (PM).
 Co-incubation of inflammatory PM and either L1210 or P815 targets with IFN-gamma and LPS produced a classical synergistic cytotoxicity for both targets over that of IFN-gamma or LPS alone.
 Similar synergistic augmentation of cytotoxicity occurred when effector PM were preprimed for 24 h with IFN-gamma before testing for cytotoxicity of untreated targets.
 However, pretreatment of L1210 and P815 targets for 24 h with IFN-gamma (50 U) before assay produced divergent results in that L1210 was more susceptible, whereas P815 was less susceptible to cytotoxicity by LPS-activated macrophages.
 Similar results were obtained when both macrophages and targets were pretreated separately with IFN-gamma for 24 h before their combined assay for tumor cytotoxicity.
 Pretreatment of L1210 targets for 1, 4, or 24 h with IFN-gamma produced similar effects on their increased susceptibility to macrophage cytotoxicity.
 In contrast, P815 pretreated for 1 and 4 h with IFN-gamma showed an early increased susceptibility to macrophage cytotoxicity followed by a decrease after 24 h pretreatment.
 The pretreatment of L1210 or P815 targets with IFN-gamma before their exposure to LPS-activated macrophages had no effect on the production of TNF.
 However, there was a corresponding increase in nitric oxide generation by LPS-activated macrophages after their exposure to IFN-gamma pretreated L1210 targets and a decrease in the presence of IFN-gamma-pretreated P815 targets that correlated with their changes in susceptibility to macrophage killing.
 Nitric oxide generation by macrophages alone in response to LPS was found to be greater than when effector macrophages were exposed to the tumor targets and this was either increased by L1210 or decreased by P815 that had been pretreated with IFN-gamma.
 Our results indicate that IFN-gamma may act directly and differentially on tumor targets to alter their susceptibility for macrophage cytotoxicity, which was coupled to changes in the generation of cytotoxic nitric oxide, rather than TNF production by the macrophage.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
