i have a penny with jfk facing lincoln is it worth any amount of money lincoln is facing right of course and there is a small picture of what looks like jfk facing left directly in front of lincoln the back of the penny looks normal actually this is a pretty common piece someone stamped the kennedy head after the cent was minted it is an interesting piece nice for a keepsake but really has no value other than the one cent that the cent is worth hope this helps and keep your eyes open someday you will find a treasure jim lawniczak United States dollar Penny (U.S. coin) United States Mint John F. Kennedy assassination Farthing (coin) Coin collecting Australian dollar Legal tender Stamp collecting British coinage Pound sterling John F. Kennedy History of the halfpenny Euro English plural Poker jargon History of the British penny (1714-1901) United States Postal Service Nickel (U.S. coin) British Fifty Pence coin Coin Philippine peso Jamaican dollar Dime (U.S. coin) Microeconomics JFK (film) Money in Harry Potter Make money fast Money Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Ba - Be) Abraham Lincoln New Zealand dollar John F. Kennedy International Airport Euro coins History of the English penny (1154-1485) Hyperinflation Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Na - Ni) Hip hop collaborations U.S. Senate election, 2006 History of the English penny Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Brit - British) United States coinage History of the threepence Cent (currency) Robert F. Kennedy Kennedy assassination theories History of the English penny (1066-1154) Maundy money Gas metal arc welding Postage stamp Philatelic investment Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Ca - Ce) Lee Harvey Oswald Philately History of the British penny (1603-1714) Gresham's law Shilling Shogi St. Petersburg paradox Postage stamps and postal history of the United States Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Sp - Sz) Live Aid Food Stamp Program Romanian leu Wyatt Earp Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Sm - So) Autograph Gold standard Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Ce - Ch) Delta Air Lines $ale of the Century Single certification Currency Ringgit Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Ni - Nz) State funeral of John F. Kennedy Royal Canadian Mint Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Gh - Gz) Avenue Q Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Sa - Sb) Spanish dollar Labuan Canadian dollar Compendium of postage stamp issuers (To - Tz) Tax Textile manufacturing Compendium of postage stamp issuers (Ma - Md) Inflation Penny Lane Coinage of the Republic of Ireland Welding Coin Coalition Betting (poker) Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist Fischer Random Chess Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Mexican peso Floppy disk Day trading 