whatschools in hillsbrough county in florida participate in no child left behind i believe president bush implied that all usa school are in the no child left behind program if i am correct which mean nation wide all school are in it No Child Left Behind Act President of the United States U.S. presidential election, 2000 Southeastern Conference United States AmeriCorps Education in the United States University of South Florida University of Florida Jeb Bush Florida International University Barbara Bush Politics of the United States Bush v. Gore Channel One News High school Laura Bush George H. W. Bush Democratic Party (United States) Stanford University Pensacola, Florida Bush family Miami-Dade County Public Schools University of Miami National Rifle Association Montgomery Blair High School Big East Conference Florida State University Alpha Phi Omega Conference USA U.S. presidential election, 2004 Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Bush family conspiracy theory USA Freedom Corps Miami Dade College Bush Supreme Court candidates U.S. Senate election, 2006 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Lawton Chiles Social Security (United States) Florida A&M University Political status of Taiwan Randi Rhodes Federal Emergency Management Agency of the United States Reach for the Top 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression National Aeronautics and Space Administration Florida Constitution University of Michigan Iraq disarmament crisis University of Central Florida 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Miami-Dade County, Florida Charter school Death and state funeral of Ronald Reagan Neil Bush Tommy Thompson Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Pasco County, Florida Ralph Nader Red state vs. blue state divide Magnet school U.S. Senate election, 2004 George W. Bush USA PATRIOT Act Political correctness Kathleen Blanco Mary McLeod Bethune Sex education Ted Kennedy Bill Clinton Georgia (U.S. state) Bush Doctrine Abortion in the United States Sarasota, Florida William Bennett Pennsylvania State University St. Albans School George Soros Fort Myers, Florida Glen Ridge, New Jersey Homeschooling Dan Quayle Hurricane Katrina timeline Michael Dukakis Government of Florida Florida Institute of Technology Episcopal Church in the United States of America Harvard Business School U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Louisiana Purchase Florida Atlantic University Monroe County, Florida Conservative Judaism William Rehnquist Juris Doctor Gainesville, Florida Dr. Michael M. Krop High School Miami, Florida Mel Martinez 