Cryptosporidium infection in an adult mouse model. Independent roles for IFN-gamma and CD4+ T lymphocytes in protective immunity.
 Cryptosporidium is a protozoan parasite that can cause chronic life-threatening diarrhea in immunocompromised persons.
 Host immune responses are poorly understood, an impediment to development of effective therapy.
 In mice, normal adult BALB/c animals resist infection whereas chronic symptomatic cryptosporidiosis develops in adult nude mice and in neonatally infected BALB/c mice treated with anti-CD4 mAb.
 To define further the immune defects that allow mice to be infected with Cryptosporidium, adult BALB/c mice were treated with cytolytic anti-CD4 or anti-CD8 or with neutralizing anti-IFN-gamma or anti-IL-2 mAb.
 Chronic infection, manifested by continuous shedding of sparse but statistically significant numbers of oocysts, occurred with anti-CD4 +/- anti-CD8 mAb treatment although anti-CD8 mAb treatment alone did not allow infection.
 Treatment with anti-IFN-gamma mAb greatly enhanced oocyst shedding but infection was self-limited.
 Treatment with a combination of anti-CD4 and anti-IFN-gamma mAb permitted both chronic infection and shedding of large numbers of oocysts.
 Furthermore mice treated initially with anti-CD4 mAb showed a substantial increase in oocyst shedding when later treated with anti-IFN-gamma mAb; and mice treated initially with both mAbs showed a decline in oocyst shedding when anti-IFN-gamma mAb was stopped.
 Anti-IFN-gamma mAb treatment of congenitally athymic adult BALB/c mice led to an approximately a 75-fold increase in oocyst shedding.
 Treatment of adult BALB/c mice with anti-IL-2 mAb did not permit Cryptosporidium infection.
 These results suggest that redundant immunologic mechanisms limit Cryptosporidium infection such that both CD4+ cells and IFN-gamma are required to prevent initiation of infection whereas either alone can limit the extent (IFN-gamma) or duration (CD4+ T cells) of infection.
 They also suggest that production of IFN-gamma by a non-T cell contributes to host immunity.
