do you like books what are your favorite titles hello skycat have written to you before and always received courteous replies i love books i learnt to read when i was and am now and have been reading almost non stop in that time i used to read when i was walking along the street always read on the bus the tube everywhere but these days i am getting harder to satisfy i find much of contemporary literature really bad or not that good i now re read books tolstoy dostoevsky excellent dickens george eliot etc and poetry eliot auden mcneice heaney etc and of course iris murdoch who i still think is was outstanding i work hours a day in a care home for old people with alzheimers so i have that kind of 'last picture' of iris murdoch i prefer female writers i think kate atkinson susan hill p d james susan perabo kathy page but when i look along the bookshelves in smiths i find very little of interest now this is a great shame because i so love reading but who is writing now who will last more than ten years Iris Murdoch British literature Charles Dickens Louis MacNeice G. K. Chesterton Irish poetry English poetry Victorian literature English literature A. S. Byatt Harold Bloom W. H. Auden Literature Arthur Machen T. S. Eliot Anglo-Saxon literature Children's literature Another World (TV series) Novel Seamus Heaney Ezra Pound The Waste Land Sydney Riot of 1879 Whitbread Book Awards Alzheimer's disease George Eliot Modernist poetry in English Humphrey Bogart History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) London All My Children Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress Walt Whitman C. S. Lewis John Berryman Japanese poetry Holes (book) Leo Tolstoy Harvard Classics H.D. Performance poetry The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Objectivist poets Murdoch University Crime fiction John Dryden The Brothers Karamazov James Tait Black Memorial Prize Rupert Murdoch Modernism Titanic (1997 film) Cecil Day-Lewis Sonnet Desperate Housewives Country music Great Books of the Western World Days of our Lives Literature of the United States History of Test cricket (to 1883) Dylan Thomas Fleeming Jenkin George Orwell University of Oxford Russian literature J. R. R. Tolkien Jack Kerouac William Carlos Williams Book of Mormon Dark Shadows History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) Anthony Hecht Imagism Douglas Adams F. R. Leavis Celebrity appearances in Doctor Who Bible Emily Dickinson The Chronicles of Narnia St. John's College, U. S. William Murdoch Golden Plates Ancient Greek literature Saul Bellow Lyric poetry History of modern literature Camille Paglia Wallace Stevens United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics William Empson 19th century James Joyce Bertrand Russell Tao Te Ching Feminism Richard Aldington Trinity College (Connecticut) Neighbours Shakespeare on screen George Washington Carver 