which book made u compulsory reading avoid harry potter the da vinci code a midsummer night's dream as you like it angels and demons women on top los angeles mother india huckleberry finn the head of kays The Da Vinci Code Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Dan Brown Harry Potter Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Elf A Midsummer Night's Dream Characters of The Sandman Neil Gaiman Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Jack Kerouac Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Midsummer Angels and Demons Buffy Summers Huckleberry Hound Buffy the Vampire Slayer Mary Jane Watson Films that have been considered the greatest ever Children's literature That Peter Kay Thing Bing Crosby Peter Kay Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Los Angeles Police Department Los Angeles Kings Finland Miranda Richardson Collateral (film) Beverly Hills, California Katie Holmes Severus Snape Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Big Read Alanis Morissette The Adventures of Tom Sawyer The Amber Spyglass Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) J. K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (video game) 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets John the Baptist Ghost Ian Tracey Paige Matthews Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) A. S. Byatt Faith (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) University of California, Los Angeles Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) Hubert Selby Jr. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Harry Potter (character) Academy Award for Costume Design Dates in Harry Potter Lazarillo de Tormes Pitaten Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Knight Bus M. M. Kaye Minor Dark wizards in Harry Potter Mona Lisa Singapore Airlines AVN Awards Academy Award for Original Music Score Ron Howard (director) Orphan Harry Potter: Quidditch World Cup Los Angeles Sparks Blood purity (Harry Potter) Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb Olivia de Havilland Harry Potter in translation Number of the Beast (numerology) Mark Twain Mary Kay Bergman M*A*S*H (TV series) Succubus Angelus (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) John Williams (composer) Nymphadora Tonks Axl Rose China Airlines Gary Gygax Los Angeles Clippers The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Spike (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Minor Hufflepuffs The Sandman: Dream Country Los Angeles Times September 2004 in sports Fictional character Classification of demons Hogwarts Houses Los Angeles Lakers William Shakespeare Harry Nilsson St. John's College, U. S. 