have any of you read any of the following books and what did you think of them markus diana klaus hagerup what the moon saw laura resau nickel and dimed joan holden tale of two summers brian sloan even if you read one of the books please tell me what you thought of it and if it's worth reading i read nickel and dimed by barbara ehrenreich it is taught by a fellow teacher so i wanted to check it out i was disappointed basically it's what it's like to try and get by on minimum wage and low paying jobs in america the author tries several jobs and finds out just how difficult it is and shares what it's like to have those jobs writing what i just did maybe it's a good wake up call to get what education one can so s he doesn't end up at the bottom of the heap it's okay but nothing i didn't know Nickel and Dimed Knots Landing The Catcher in the Rye Double Nickels on the Dime John Kerry Unemployment American football strategy Good Times Inflation Avenue Q Brian Jones (musician) Graduate school Education in Portugal Polly Toynbee Wal-Mart Chuck Palahniuk John D. Rockefeller Education in the People's Republic of China Education in Germany Nickel (U.S. coin) History of As the World Turns (2000-present) United States dollar W. Mark Felt Economic inequality James T. Aubrey, Jr. Defensive team Poker jargon Frank Herbert C programming language Iron Grade (education) Efficiency wages Young adult literature Trade union Finnegans Wake 2004 Democratic National Convention Make money fast EastEnders Little Britain Alex Ferguson H. G. Wells Dean Koontz Edgar Rice Burroughs Origen Apollo 8 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Blackjack Education in Japan Labour economics Teachers (film) Ra (board game) C. S. Lewis Ocean's Twelve Stephen King On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences 2004 Republican National Convention Alias episodes (Season 4) Ontario general election, 1985 Literacy National Minimum Wage Act 1998 Teacher MIT Sloan School of Management Librarian Glossary of American football Education Flat tax Free trade Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Max Payne Denis Law Diana Ross Charmed Classical education Barbara Boxer Minimum wage Sydney Bristow Principal-agent problem Brian Griffin Muckraker Warren Buffett Nation of Islam Supply and demand Sunset Boulevard (1950 film) One Tree Hill (TV series) Welfare trap Jungle Love Plagiarism Deconstruction Say's law U.S. two-dollar bill Apollo Guidance Computer Buffer overflow Frank Sinatra Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism L.A. Guns FairTax Yogiisms Brian Jacques 