hi i was just wondering does anyone like frank peretti hi i was just wondering does anyone like frank peretti i love his books i have read hangman's curse the prophet piercing the darkness this present darkness and house i absolutely love house does anyone know if they are making a movie a movie based on house is supposed to come out this fall a few years ago there was a movie based on the visitation but it was pretty lame which was unfortunate because the book was great hangman's curse was also made into a movie but i haven't seen it peretti is also interested in making movies out of this present darkness oath and monster Frank E. Peretti Aladdin (1992 film) Hogwarts Modesty Blaise Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Tokusatsu George David Weiss Book of Isaiah The Addams Family Josephus on Jesus Slayers 2000s in film Academy Award for Original Music Score Christian countercult movement Negima Waking the Dragons Beauty and the Beast (1991 film) Dark Shadows Vampire fiction Bastard!! Archie Comics Tenchi Muyo! Hell C. S. Lewis Nine Inch Nails Tomb Raider Minor Dark wizards in Harry Potter Hammer Film Productions Frank Herbert Balaam The Phantom Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events John F. Kennedy assassination Witchcraft The Curse of Fenric The Dunciad Book of Mormon Princess Zelda Monster Force The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Robertson Davies George Digby, 2nd Earl of Bristol Tarzan Harvey Award Muslim ibn Aqeel Blacks and Mormonism Yu-Gi-Oh! President of the United States Dispensationalism The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Daredevil Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl InuYasha media and release information Holes (book) L. Frank Baum Theory of conduct Book of Daniel Transformers: Cybertron Urusei Yatsura Time Out of Mind Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Iliad Hercules: The Animated Series Lone Wolf and Cub Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Futurama (TV series - season 3) Scooby-Doo Mahou Sentai Magiranger Dark Art A Series of Unfortunate Events The Mexican Wonderful Town Franklin Pierce Thief (computer game) Frank Miller Hogwarts subjects Michael (archangel) Noah Yami to B__shi to Hon no Tabibito Joseph Smith, Jr. David Bowie Joseph (Hebrew Bible) The Lord of the Rings George Abbott Angelina Jolie Lauren Bacall Races in the Warcraft universe Ambrose Bierce Ragnarok The Animation The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) AFI 100 Years series Royal Assent Fiddler on the Roof Sexual revolution The Chronicles of Narnia 