what is a good science fiction book to read after the dune series i love how complex the dune series have been but am finding it hard to concentrate on other science fiction books are there books similar to the dune series books that are just as intriguing thanks any great science fiction epic will immerse you within its world so don't expect to find a book series that parallels the dune saga in story but fails to astound on the same level another classic sci fi saga is asimov's the foundation series some stand alone classics include do androids dream of electric sheep philip k dick brave new world aldous huxley the martian chronicles ray bradbury a space odyessy arthur c clarke you might won't find anything like the dune experience but there are still plenty more good reads in the sci fi genre Frank Herbert Science fiction Science fiction magazine History of science fiction Ray Bradbury Apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic science fiction Space opera Philip K. Dick Aldous Huxley Arthur C. Clarke Soft science fiction Android Dune (novel) Kim Stanley Robinson Science fiction film Isaac Asimov The Foundation Series Three Laws of Robotics Dune universe Cyberpunk Planets in science fiction Blade Runner Hyperspace (science fiction) Mars in fiction Hard science fiction Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Isaac Asimov's Robot Series C. S. Lewis Leigh Brackett Opportunity rover Norse saga Science fiction on television The Chronicles of Narnia Fantasy Literature Political ideas in science fiction Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book Fictional character Cult film Star Wars Children of Dune Dune Sci Fi Channel (United States) Ghost in the Shell Novel Babylon 5 Golden Age of Science Fiction Brave New World God Emperor of Dune Science Fiction Museum and Hall of Fame A. E. van Vogt Harlan Ellison High fantasy The Twilight Zone Julian May Robot Superhero Interactive fiction Lin Carter Messiahs in fiction and fantasy The Martian Chronicles Mars Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation History of fantasy Alfred Bester (author) Edgar Allan Poe Tokusatsu George Edgar Slusser Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Japanese literature Alien (film) Iron Maiden Mystery Science Theater 3000 Pulp magazine The War of the Worlds (novel) Jack Vance Steampunk Alternative history (fiction) Computer role-playing game Dick Tracy Barsoom series Clark Ashton Smith Technology English literature Neil Gaiman Future history Anthem (novella) Romance (genre) I, Robot The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Space: Above and Beyond H. G. Wells Thomas M. Disch Fantastic Four Cyberspace Sliders Mack Reynolds 