i'm looking for a children's book think the title is how to kill an elephant i know this is a children's book and i'm pretty sure the title is how to kill an elephant it's a sad story about an elephant that dies but the author was making a deeper comment on government i think can you help me i've used the search engine and keep coming up with an essay by orwell that's not it it is a children's book i think the book was a statement against war not government though governments start wars thats not a very good name for a children's book is it try amazon com idk wut else sorry George Orwell Babar the Elephant Timon and Pumbaa Children's literature War elephant Book Battle of the Hydaspes River Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Gene Wolfe Literature Terry Pratchett Newspeak Pen name Fairy tale Essay Amazon.com Chuck Palahniuk Bart Gets an Elephant Spot the Dog Elephant Donald Barthelme Spanish Civil War The Jungle Book The Star Wars Holiday Special Agatha Christie Branch Davidian Age of Mythology Ko shogi Gerald Durrell The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Dr. Seuss Mowgli Kodocha Fictional book Swallows and Amazons Scenes from a Memory Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends Moral Politics Just So Stories 3 Maccabees Fox Feature Syndicate Pip (South Park episode) Haruki Murakami Piccolo Junior Saga L. Sprague de Camp ISBN J. R. R. Tolkien Mountain Meadows massacre The Jungle Book (1967 film) V.F.D. Choose Your Own Adventure Alice's Adventures in Wonderland William James C. S. Lewis The Elephant Man (film) Jacob Rome: Total War Books in Canada First Novel Award Columbine High School massacre Plagiarism Robert D. Kaplan Joke The Second Jungle Book Peter Pan Ender's Game Ambiguity Jiddu Krishnamurti The Family Circus Frank Herbert The Good Soldier BIONICLE Book 2.5: Adventures Anne Rice Hercule Poirot Ray Bradbury Banu Qurayza Xiangqi And Then There Were None Carly Simon Guns, Germs, and Steel Heffalump Dorothy L. Sayers The Miserable Mill James M. McPherson Dershowitz-Finkelstein affair Don Rosa USA PATRIOT Act Amha Selassie of Ethiopia Arimaa Avengers Disassembled Pakkins' Land King Crimson Mission to the Unknown The Railway Series The Chronicles of Narnia Noam Chomsky Euphemism Nineteen Eighty-Four Vacuous truth 