ideas for a year old i need some ideas to entertain a year old boy any ideas or suggestions will help thank you video games not violet ones stuff like mario bro crash racing games so on books one's he likes Mario Super Mario Bros. Platform game Computer and video games Nintendo Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario Bros. 3 Mario Kart Super Mario remake series Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Nintendo Revolution Super Mario 128 Diddy Kong Super Mario World Wario Game Boy Luigi Super Mario Kart Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Lakitu Samus Aran Donkey Kong Mario series enemies History of video games (Sixth generation era) Yoshi Video game music Nintendo GameCube Super Mario Bros. Deluxe The Legend of Zelda series Super Mario 64 Mario Kart 64 Crash Team Racing Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario Bros. (film) Nintendo Power Crash Bandicoot Nintendo Comics System Nintendo DS Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario Bros. television series Bowser Koji Kondo Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Intelligent Systems Koopa Troopa Trilogy Video game character Paul W. S. Anderson Mario Bros. Shigeru Miyamoto Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Enhanced remake Super Mario Advance 4 Goomba Blu-ray Disc EarthBound Doki Doki Panic Super Mario All-Stars Birdo Tiny Toon Adventures Donkey Kong (arcade game) Koopa Kid Paper Mario Nintendo 64 Super Mario Land E-Reader Computer and video game genres Wisdom Tree Fire Flower Super Smash Bros. Classic NES Series Game Boy Player Nintendo Vs. Series Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events (video game) PlayStation Portable Console game Speedrun Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Adventure Island King Toadstool Pok__mon History of video games (16-bit era) Nippon Television Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Game Boy Advance Yu-Gi-Oh! Tetris Attack Player's Choice Waluigi Warner Bros. Mario Golf Game & Watch History of computer and video games Square Co., Ltd. Princess Daisy Princess Peach Boss (video games) Toad (Nintendo) Launch game 