vegetarians veegans ok guys i'm and i've been a lacto ovo vegetarian for almost months it's something i really believe in but i'm getting super tired of fighting the battle with people they're always like why would you wanna do that i don't really say anything because i don't want to be rude to them because i don't wanna offend them i guess my question is what is polite reasoning that i could say to the people who keep questioning thanks so much sorry typo i carelessly spelled vegan wrong sorry guys i just say why not and get them to explain it Vegetarianism Veganism Animal rights The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Buddhist cuisine Avenue Q Straight edge Peter Singer Negima Supergirl People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals Philosophical skepticism Moral Politics Coronary heart disease You Don't Know Jack Parkway Drive Jon Secada Soy milk Social rule Theory of conduct I Don't Wanna Cry Animal Liberation Front Kashrut Punk ideology Egg (food) Lisa the Vegetarian Buddy Guy Dieting Vegetarian cuisine Good Morning, Vietnam Pesco/pollo vegetarianism Evan Mecham Boss (video games) Simpson Tide U.S. presidential election, 2008 Phoebe Buffay's songs Cheese Gregg Alexander Kender Joss Stone Paul McCartney Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner? Lactose intolerance Lac operon The Marshall Mathers LP Evil Christian vegetarianism Come on Over Baby (All I Want Is You) Number 1's (Mariah Carey album) Person Ronnie Earle Australian hardcore Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Kyle Broflovski House of Leaves Hip hop collaborations Vegetarianism and religion Emotions (album) Hindu Wonderland (McFly album) Christian movements Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) The Smoking Room Rod Stewart Theodicy I Want to Hold Your Hand Liam Gallagher Craps Wheel of Fortune Russian joke DC Universe Sunfire Grand Theft Auto: Vice City soundtrack Lydia Lunch Game show Aquemini Bill Maher Utopia (book) Desire (album) New Caledonia Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? NWo Boom Town (Doctor Who) Who Shot Mr. Burns? Chronic fatigue syndrome MC Hammer "Weird Al" Yankovic Vegetarianism of Adolf Hitler Blue Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Political correctness The Isley Brothers U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Self Portrait Jeopardy! in culture Slashdot trolling phenomena David C. Lane Running gag 