in mission space at epcot what is the diff between the orange and green teams also test track or soarin i've been on the orange one and i absolutely loved it i also know that it's more intense but can anybody tell me how the less intense one is and what the difference between the two are the difference between the orange and green rides on mission space is the simulator doesn't move on the green ride so you don't feel any of that g force pushing you back into the chair like you do on the orange ride the simulator is actually a modified centrifuge trainer like the ones used by the air force and nasa to help pilots and crew members feel what it's like to make high speed maneuvers test track and soarin' are an apple and orange comparison they're very different but i love 'em both with test track you're strapped into a modified saturn going through the proving grounds tests so you get a lot more jostling from hairpin turns brake tests etc on soarin' you don't move at all once they have moved the carriages into place it just feels like you're flying over california as you watch the screen they're both a don't miss Soarin' Over California Epcot Saturn V Thomas Stafford Apollo 8 B-47 Stratojet National Aeronautics and Space Administration Apollo-Soyuz Test Project F-16 Fighting Falcon Gemini 9A Edwards Air Force Base Apollo 15 Cessna T-37 Scramjet Disney's California Adventure Project Apollo Flight simulator SR-71 Blackbird Space Shuttle program Drag racing Space disaster B-2 Spirit Cancelled Apollo missions John F. Kennedy Space Center Martin-Marietta X-24 TGV Soyuz spacecraft Mercury Atlas 6 Sidney M. Gutierrez Fixed-wing aircraft Space Shuttle Columbia disaster F-104 Starfighter John Stapp Cassini-Huygens Civil Air Patrol Color Eurofighter Typhoon Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority P-38 Lightning Messerschmitt Bf 109 Susan J. Helms P-51 Mustang Project Mercury Tier One USS Wasp (CV-7) STS-61 Parachute Apollo 9 Mission: SPACE Walt Disney C. Gordon Fullerton Red Arrows STS-114 STS-62 B-25 Mitchell Karol J. Bobko Frederick Hauck Ronald J. Grabe Apollo 11 Professional wrestling double-team maneuvers Dragon Booster Brewster H. Shaw MS-06 Zaku II Apollo 10 General Dynamics F-111 Heinkel He 100 STS-51-L Story Musgrave Space Race Robert F. Overmyer Vance D. Brand B-29 Superfortress U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School Richard O. Covey Steven R. Nagel Test pilot Solar system Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Booster Carl J. Meade Project Gemini Rick D. Husband John E. Blaha Parachuting Avro Arrow Ellison Onizuka Michael A. Baker Rail tracks STS-58 F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Indian Air Force Rex J. Walheim Steven W. Lindsey Stryker Trainer (aircraft) Car handling Neil Armstrong 