help need book recommendation i'm a sophmore in highschool and for my summer reading i'm looking for a book that has all most of the below qualities short under pages preferably written by a non u s author some figurative language though not that important easy to comprehend a good story i love mystery romance novels if that helps please help pride and prejudice by jane austen who was a british author it's a wonderful romance murder on the orient express by agatha christie also british the curious incident of the dog in the night time by mark haddon Romance novel Novel Jane Austen Whodunit Pride and Prejudice Miss Marple Crime fiction Pride and Prejudice (BBC) English literature History of modern literature Dorothy L. Sayers Hercule Poirot Genre fiction Literature Charles Dickens Dean Koontz Jack London The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time Neil Gaiman Sense and Sensibility Mystery fiction Frank Herbert Children's literature Martin Amis Pen name Crime film Detective fiction L. Frank Baum Emma John Dickson Carr Bisexuality And Then There Were None Japanese literature Aldous Huxley C. J. Cherryh H. G. Wells Murder on the Orient Express Sleeping Murder The Murder of Roger Ackroyd William Shakespeare Ray Bradbury Northanger Abbey Gothic novel Mary Wollstonecraft Vorkosigan Saga Evan Hunter Lawrence Block Metonymy Victorian literature Walter Scott George David Weiss Epistolary novel Harlan Ellison The Foundation Series Literature of the United States Medieval French literature Dutch literature Esperanto as an international language Sherlock Holmes British literature Medieval literature Murder, She Wrote Nora Roberts P. D. James Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban C. S. Lewis Isaac Asimov Ellery Queen Norse saga James Fenimore Cooper Anne Rice Bertie Wooster Voynich manuscript Young adult literature Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Fan fiction Cthulhu mythos arcane literature History of As the World Turns (2000-present) George Eliot Commonwealth of Nations H.P. Lovecraft English poetry Old French Harry Potter EastEnders A Course In Miracles Alain-Ren__ Lesage Fox Feature Syndicate Spanish language BBC Television BBC television drama Toni Morrison St. John's College, U. S. Manga Mary Jane Watson Arthur Machen Ngaio Marsh 