the jungle and the great gatsby the jungle by upton sinclair the great gatsby by f scott fitzgerald for those who have read either of those books what did you think about them were they worth reading in depth answers i haven't read the jungle but i have read the great gatsby several times and think it is an excellent book i wasn't too fond of it the first time i had to read it in high school but i read it a second time when i didn't have several essays to write about it and found it to be very enjoyable i quite like fitzgerald's style although this is the only book by him i have read so far it is certainly a classic and a fascinating portrait of society in the jazz age and all of its excesses it is also a tragic love story and a cautionary tale of the american dream and all its consequences told through the eyes of nick the middle class neighbor of gatsby who observes his parties and befriends the man himself full of shallow characters who move in a world of soulless decadence an excellent book and well worth the read Upton Sinclair Narrator Arnold Rothstein Fictional character Novel Literature of the United States Great Neck, New York Arthur Machen Roaring Twenties W. C. Handy Anti-hero Frank Herbert What Makes Sammy Run? J. R. R. Tolkien Ella Fitzgerald Scenes from a Memory Camille Paglia Storytelling Plame affair Shaggy dog story Great Books of the Western World Goldstein's book Themes in Blade Runner E. E. Cummings Mary Wollstonecraft Bill Peet Synaesthesia C. S. Lewis Anne Rice Bushido Japanese poetry Neil Gaiman Lost Generation Madison Grant Literature Edgar Rice Burroughs Ernest Hemingway A Tale of a Tub Stephen King Atlas Comics (1950s) One Tree Hill (TV series) Edgar Allan Poe The Brothers Karamazov Knots Landing Truman Capote Robert A. Heinlein Orson Scott Card Subplot Short story Marshall McLuhan The Lovely Bones Jack Kerouac Charles Ives H.P. Lovecraft Odyssey Theodicy The Pilgrim's Progress Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide The Chronicles of Narnia The Jungle Miniature (illuminated manuscript) Lord of the Flies 2Step Henry James Crime fiction French Renaissance literature Rudyard Kipling Andy Kaufman Mowgli William Shakespeare Tragic hero Discordianism Hunter S. Thompson Ira Gershwin Agatha Christie Hans Christian Andersen Cerebus the Aardvark Saul Bellow Kodocha H. L. Mencken Drum and bass Jacob Neusner Jazz Modesty Blaise Gordon Lightfoot Anglo-Saxon literature Douglas Adams Telepathy Harvard Classics Schizophrenia Grendel (comics) The Class Menagerie History of As the World Turns (2000-present) A Series of Unfortunate Events Pitaten The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Saint Paul, Minnesota Spidey Super Stories 