any suggestions for a good science fiction series i've read asimov's robot and foundation series ender's game series many of dune i'd like to find something of that caliber i read last summer almost forgot about thanks great suggestions so far thank you all i read the dark tower series and every other stephen king book that related to it also read all of anne rice's witches and vampire books loved them all i have a great award winning sci fi fantasy author for you try the xenogenesis trilogy by octavia e butler octavia has won both hugo and nebula awards for her work she also was the first sci fi fantasy writer to receive macarthur foundation genius grant here is a list of awards she has won lifetime achievement award in writing from the pen american center nebula award for best novel parable of the talents macarthur foundation genius grant hugo award for best novelette bloodchild locus award for best novelette bloodchild science fiction chronicle award for best novelette bloodchild nebula award for best novelette bloodchild hugo award for best short story speech sounds creative arts award l a ywca nominated nebula award for best novel parable of the sower nebula award for best novelette the evening and the morning and the night fifth place writer's digest short story http en wikipedia org wiki xenogenesis Nebula Award Harlan Ellison Science fiction Hugo Award The Foundation Series Octavia Butler Science fiction magazine James Blish Nebula Award for Best Novelette Ender's Game John Kessel Robert J. Sawyer Martha Soukup Neil Gaiman Harry Turtledove John Varley Gene Wolfe Marion Zimmer Bradley Larry Niven Nebula Award for Best Short Story C. J. Cherryh Clifford D. Simak Frank Herbert Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser Hugo Award for Best Related Book Anne Rice Isaac Asimov L. Sprague de Camp Orson Scott Card Frederik Pohl Fantasy Apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic science fiction Poul Anderson Ray Bradbury Joe Haldeman Michael Moorcock Greg Bear Jane Yolen Hugo Award for Best Semiprozine Dave Wolverton Philip K. Dick History of science fiction Leigh Brackett Interactive fiction James Tiptree, Jr Spider Robinson Isaac Asimov's Robot Series George Alec Effinger MacArthur Foundation Jack McDevitt Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Discworld Michael Swanwick Fan fiction Roger Zelazny C. S. Lewis Hugo Award for Best Fan Writer Victor Hugo Ender's Game series The Chronicles of Narnia Anne McCaffrey The Book of the New Sun Jack Vance Walter Jon Williams Planets in science fiction Fritz Leiber David Brin Gardner Dozois Fictional character Babylon 5 Kate Wilhelm Michael Whelan Cory Doctorow Fictional universe Accelerando (novel) Lois McMaster Bujold Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form Charles Stross Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form Nebula Award for Best Script Thomas M. Disch Hugo Award for Best Fanzine George R. R. Martin Terry Pratchett The Lord of the Rings Asimov's Science Fiction Flowers for Algernon Canadian literature Lucius Shepard 