what is the difference between a novel and a fiction book it's similar to the difference between a square and a rectangle a square is a rectangle but a rectangle isn't necessarily a square similarly a novel is fiction but fiction doesn't necessarily have to be a novel a fiction book could be a short story a novella a pseudo memoir an epic poem etc etc etc i suppose that's the difference i hope this helps master shadow Literature Vladimir Nabokov Samuel R. Delany Narrator French Renaissance literature Novella Lebesgue integration Gene Wolfe Hangul Wallpaper group Science fiction Novel John Barth Biblical inerrancy Fantasy Harlan Ellison Michael Moorcock Hyperion Cantos Henry James Charge (heraldry) Arthur Machen Doctor Who spin-offs Thomas M. Disch Edgar Allan Poe Zoophilia Fiction Sport rowing The Shawshank Redemption Dragonriders of Pern The Hobbit Messiahs in fiction and fantasy Triangle J. R. R. Tolkien Short story Leigh Brackett Fibonacci number Nebula Award Tolkien fandom Stephen King Fanon (fiction) Halting problem Jim Steranko Tobias Wolff History of modern literature Pythagorean theorem Retcon Bernice Summerfield John Updike George Moore (novelist) Philosophical skepticism Spider Robinson Neil Gaiman DC Comics D. H. Lawrence Science fiction magazine The Chronicles of Amber Collision detection Alternative history (fiction) Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Crime fiction The Foundation Series Thomas Ligotti The Matrix Hierarchy Glossary of partner dance terms William S. Burroughs John Varley Jedi Joe Haldeman Lu__s de Cam__es Wassily Kandinsky Robert A. Heinlein Eddie Campbell Vector (spatial) Apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic science fiction Japanese literature Many-worlds interpretation The Culture Hell Romeo and Juliet John Wallis Wizard Ursula K. Le Guin Norse saga Harry Harrison Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Fundamental theorem of calculus Frank Herbert Jorge Luis Borges The Faerie Queene James Blish Eberron Scene graph Fan fiction Metal Sonic Hindi literature Pseudoscience Jack London Ernest Hemingway 