in the book the measure of a man why did a attorney ask poitier to sign a loyalty oath the measure of a man written by sidney poitier a very good book by the way this was during the mccarthy era the loyalty pledge was a way of exposing communists in america essentially you were asked to 'rat' on someone to prove your loyalty about the most un american thing that ever happened in america before george bush that is read about what happened in hollywood with blacklisting and also about paul robeson and about ronald reagan during the mccarthy years s several good movies were made on the subject as well also see anything about edward r murrow who was the first public figure to stand up to mccarthy which could have meant the end of his career it is a fascinating timely subject are you a loyalamerican if you oppose bush and the war history is never old everything old is new again i'd do the research for you but i'll let you have the joy of discovery McCarthyism Hollywood blacklist Communist Party USA Joseph McCarthy George W. Bush Pledge of Allegiance Ronald Reagan Loyalty oath President of the United States 2004 Republican National Convention Paul Robeson Sidney Poitier Read my lips: no new taxes Plame affair Red Scare William F. Buckley, Jr. Nancy Reagan California Institute of Technology Humphrey Bogart Roy Cohn Republican Party (United States) Columbia Law School George H. W. Bush Acting President of the United States New Hampshire primary Book of Mormon Colin Powell George W. Bush military service controversy Royal Assent Operation Mockingbird Japanese American internment Ann Coulter Anti-communism Assassination Log Cabin Republicans American liberalism Karl Rove Media bias in the United States Reagan Administration New South Wales Police Hundred Years' War Vice President of the United States Dixville Notch, New Hampshire Movement to impeach George W. Bush Screen Actors Guild American Conservatism Deep Throat (Watergate) Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Aspartame George Seldes Lisp programming language Ed Koch Iraq disarmament crisis Paul Wolfowitz Supply-side economics American Masters Albert Einstein Caspar Weinberger Democratic Party (United States) Lou Gehrig 2003 Invasion of Iraq Jeb Bush Downing Street memo Project for the New American Century Yankee Doodle Dandy Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution American Israel Public Affairs Committee Conservative Democrat History of the United States Eighty-second United States Congress House Un-American Activities Committee Jean Schmidt Hillary Rodham Clinton Bill Clinton Jane Wyman U.S. presidential election, 1992 Samuel Goldwyn Confederate States of America Clark Kerr 9/11 conspiracy theories Michel Foucault Iowa caucus Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport U.S. presidential election, 1988 Neoconservatism in the United States Supreme Court of the United States Robert Oppenheimer Chief Justice of the United States Reaganomics Arthur Laffer End times Contract Project MKULTRA John Kerry Communists in the U.S. Labor Movement (1937-1950) Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album John R. Bolton Death and state funeral of Ronald Reagan 