recomend a book for a year old boy here are the authors i like lemony snicket daniel handler kipling c s lewis mark twian h g wells and jules vernes i absuloutly hate j k rowling i like searies books somtimes thanks treasure island a long way from chicago the locket and its sequel the carousel idylls of the king ferhenheit Lemony Snicket Daniel Handler A Series of Unfortunate Events Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events Lemony Snicket: The Unauthorized Autobiography V.F.D. Steampunk Jules Verne H. G. Wells Book the Thirteenth (A Series of Unfortunate Events) J. K. Rowling Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events (video game) Young adult literature C. S. Lewis Count Olaf Pen name Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Billy Connolly Book of Daniel Violet Baudelaire Sunny Baudelaire Wesleyan University The Gothic Archies R.A.B. Captain Nemo Peter Pan The Chronicles of Narnia History of modern literature Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Carmelita Spats Meryl Streep Endgame Rankin/Bass Esm__ Squalor The Penultimate Peril Josephine Anwhistle Mowgli Nancy Drew The Nameless Novel Lord Voldemort Children's literature Indiana Pacers William P__ne du Bois The Slippery Slope Canon (fiction) H. Rider Haggard Beatrice (A Series of Unfortunate Events) Myst E. Nesbit Black comedy Emily Browning The Hostile Hospital Rudyard Kipling Academy Award for Directing The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne Sequel Smallville (TV series) The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea George Edgar Slusser Harry Potter The Brady Bunch French science fiction Disneyland Pederasty Amazing Stories Science fiction magazine Harry Potter (character) False document Carousel of Progress Treasure Island Around the World in Eighty Days African American literature Science fiction film Lowell High School (San Francisco) The Jungle Book The Second Jungle Book Regulus Black Hermione Granger Rafael Sabatini Journey to the Center of the Earth Nero Mysterious Island Verne Gagne Tomorrowland Cameo appearance Harry Potter: Book Seven Klaus Baudelaire Gustav Sebald The Man Who Would Be King French literature of the 19th century Fanon (fiction) 2000s in film Lake Lachrymose The Prisoner of Zenda Merlin (wizard) Coney Island Genre fiction Minor Harry Potter Beasts Edgar Allan Poe 