Defective oral tolerance promotes nephritogenesis in experimental IgA nephropathy induced by oral immunization.
 Oral tolerance, an important feature of the mucosal immune system, appears to protect against immune-mediated disease by blunting production of systemic IgG and IgM antibody directed toward immunogens chronically present at mucosal surfaces.
 In this study, we explored the role of oral tolerance and mucosal immunoregulation in an experimental model of IgA nephropathy (IgAN), an important form of nephritis in humans.
 Cyclophosphamide and estradiol were used to inhibit the expression of oral tolerance, which otherwise develops after chronic oral presentation of Ag.
 BALB/c mice given drinking water containing 0.1% bovine gamma globulin (BGG) continuously for 14 wk were randomly assigned to groups given either 2 mg of cyclophosphamide i.p., 2 mg of estradiol s.c.
 or both drugs.
 Groups of control mice received neither BGG nor drugs.
 In three separate experiments, a low percentage of saline-treated orally immunized mice had microscopic hematuria (0 to 20%), as did nonimmunized controls (0 to 20%).
 However, 58 to 83% of mice given estradiol and/or cyclophosphamide at appropriate times developed significant hematuria.
 If drugs were given at suboptimal times, only 25 to 56% of mice developed hematuria.
 Drug-treated immunized mice also had more serum IgG and IgM anti-BGG antibodies than control and saline groups.
 Immunofluorescence showed significantly more glomerular deposits of IgG, IgM, and C3 in drug-treated immunized mice compared to saline-treated immunized and normal untreated control mice.
 Hematuria and glomerular deposits of IgG, IgM, and C3 paralleled serum IgG and IgM antibody.
 All immunized mice showed significant mesangial IgA and BGG deposits and there were no differences in such deposits between saline- and drug-treated immunized mice.
 We suggest that blunting of oral tolerance with promotion of systemic IgG and IgM antibody production leads to nephritis in chronically orally immunized mice and that glomerular immune complexes containing IgG and/or IgM promote complement deposition and hematuria in IgAN.
 Analogous defects in oral (or more generally mucosal) tolerance could play a role in the genesis of symptomatic human IgAN.
