Medical Research Council European trial of chorion villus sampling. MRC working party on the evaluation of chorion villus sampling.
 First-trimester chorion villus sampling has the advantage over second-trimester amniocentesis of allowing earlier prenatal diagnosis of various genetic and cytogenetic disorders in the fetus (and therefore earlier termination in affected pregnancies) but the relative safety and diagnostic accuracy remain unclear.
 Between 1985 and 1989, 3248 women seeking prenatal diagnosis, principally because of their age, were recruited to an international, multicentre, randomised comparison of the safety and diagnostic accuracy of the two techniques--5% of women allocated chorion villus sampling and 8% of those allocated amniocentesis were not tested, usually because of spontaneous miscarriage.
 6% and 2% were retested, in most because of sampling failure.
 The endpoint of a liveborn infant who survived was achieved by 86% of women allocated chorion villus sampling and 91% of those allocated amniocentesis; statistical analysis, after appropriate weighting for a centre's contribution, showed that the typical difference between the groups was 4.6% (95% confidence interval 1.6-7.5%; p less than 0.01).
 This difference reflected more spontaneous fetal deaths before 28 weeks' gestation (2.9% [0.6-5.3%]); more terminations of pregnancy for chromosomal anomalies (1.0% [0.0-2.1%]); and more neonatal deaths (0.3% [-0.1 to 0.7%]).
 The difference in neonatal deaths was due to a preponderance of very immature liveborn infants in the chorion villus sampling group, and this factor also explained that group's longer mean stay in hospital.
 More abnormal diagnoses followed chorion villus than amniotic fluid analyses (5.6% vs 3.9%).
 This difference was largely due to diagnoses of trisomy 18 and of (usually mosaic) abnormalities known to be confined to the placenta.
 3 terminated pregnancies were false positives, 1 tested by chorion villus sampling and 2 by amniocentesis, and 2 other mosaic cases diagnosed by chorion villus sampling may have been false positives.
 There was 1 false-negative result in the chorion villus sampling group.
 The possibility of earlier exclusion or diagnosis of some fetal disorders afforded by first-trimester chorion villus sampling must be set against its clinical risks.
