Practice patterns in the treatment of acutely ill hospitalized asthmatic patients at three teaching hospitals. Variability in resource utilization.
 STUDY OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to determine the extent to which patterns of diagnostic and therapeutic practice differ among hospitals caring for acutely ill hospitalized asthmatic patients in a single city.
 DESIGN: Our study comprised a retrospective review of the records of patients admitted to the hospital for the treatment of acute asthma.
 SETTING: Three large teaching hospitals in Boston were the setting.
 PATIENTS: One hundred twenty-seven patients between 18 and 50 years of age who were admitted to the medical services specifically for the treatment of asthma were studied.
 INTERVENTIONS: There were no interventions.
 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: For this group of patients with similar histories of asthma, clinical presentation, and severity of asthma, the diagnostic tests used within 12 hours of admission and the frequency and volume of diagnostic laboratory testing throughout the admission differed significantly among the three hospitals.
 Spirometry, the test bearing most directly on the severity of the asthmatic attack, was not used routinely as a criterion for admission or discharge at any of the hospitals.
 Other tests of uncertain efficacy, such as chest x-ray films, were used frequently at some of the hospitals.
 Patients at all three hospitals were treated similarly with intensive combined regimens of methylxanthines, sympathomimetics, and corticosteroids and had similar mean lengths of stay.
 The use of chest physical therapy, which has not yet been demonstrated to be effective in acute asthma, differed significantly among the three hospitals.
 CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that considerable variability exists in the diagnostic evaluation of acutely ill hospitalized asthmatic patients in the three hospitals; little variability exists in the pharmacologic treatment of these patients.
 In the absence of data on outcome regarding functional improvement and reductions in morbidity, we are unable to recommend a preferred pattern of practice from this study.
