Autotransplantation of dispersed pancreatic islet tissue combined with total or near-total pancreatectomy for treatment of chronic pancreatitis.
 Chronic pancreatitis is difficult to treat in patients with a nondilated duct.
 Patients experiencing intractable pain unresponsive to or judged untreatable by lesser procedures must decide between total pancreatectomy and resultant diabetes or a continuation of their pancreatitis.
 From 1977 through 1990, 26 patients underwent extensive pancreatectomy and dispersed pancreatic islet tissue autotransplantation for treatment of chronic pancreatitis pain and prophylaxis of surgical diabetes.
 Of these 26 patients, total (Whipple) or near-total (greater than 95%) pancreatectomy was performed in 24 patients.
 Of these 24 patients, pain relief could be assessed in 21 patients at 5 to 155 months (mean, 5.7 years), and 19 patients (90%) reported partial or complete remission.
 Of the patients who underwent total or near-total pancreatectomy, islets were injected intraportally in 22 patients and into the renal subcapsule in two patients.
 The latter two patients have required insulin since surgery.
 Of the other 22, one patient died from a complication of the pancreatectomy.
 Nine of the 21 evaluable recipients of intraportal islet autografts were insulin independent for at least several months after surgery.
 Five patients are currently insulin independent at 6 years, 4 years, 1.5 years, 9 months, and 5 months after surgery.
 Of the other four patients, one patient died insulin independent at 6 years, and three patients required insulin beginning 8 to 18 months after surgery.
 Insulin independence correlated with the number of islets recovered, which in turn correlated inversely with the degree of pancreatic fibrosis.
 Of our four most recent patients, three patients had mildly to moderately fibrotic glands, and higher numbers of islets were obtained.
 After total (Whipple) pancreatectomy, these three patients are insulin independent.
 A liver biopsy was performed in one patient 8 months after total pancreatectomy and islet autotransplantation; numerous clusters of islet cells staining strongly for insulin and glucagon were detected within portal triads on both wedge and needle biopsy specimens.
 Morbidity related to the intraportal-dispersed pancreatic islet tissue transplantation was low (no disseminated intravascular coagulation, significant portal hypertension, or hepatic dysfunction).
 Islet autotransplantation can be an effective and safe adjunct to extensive pancreatic resection for those patients who risk surgical diabetes for relief of their chronic pancreatitis pain.
