Coexpression of galanin and adrenocorticotropic hormone in human pituitary and pituitary adenomas.
 Galanin is a neuropeptide that regulates the secretion of several pituitary hormones, including prolactin (PRL) and growth hormone (GH).
 Galaninlike immunoreactivity (Gal-IR) and galanin mRNA in the rat anterior pituitary is cell lineage specific, with predominant expression in lactotrophs and somatotrophs.
 The authors examined the cellular distribution of human Gal-IR in seven normal postmortem pituitaries and 62 pituitary tumors by immunoperoxidase staining.
 In contrast to the rat, Gal-IR in human anterior pituitaries was present in corticotrophs scattered throughout the gland, but not in lactotrophs, somatotrophs, thyrotrophs, or gonadotrophs.
 Distinct Gal-IR also was present in hyperplastic and neoplastic corticotrophs in 19 of 22 patients with Cushing's disease.
 In noncorticotroph cell tumors, unequivocal Gal-IR was present in 5 of 11 GH-secreting tumors associated with clinical acromegaly, 9 of 18 nonfunctioning pituitary adenomas, and 2 of 14 prolactinomas.
 Of these galanin-positive tumors, four of the five GH-secreting adenomas, six of the nine nonfunctioning adenomas, and both of the prolactinomas also contained adrenocorticotropic hormone immunoreactivity (ACTH-IR).
 Immunostaining and in situ hybridization on adjacent sections using an 35S-labeled probe complementary to human galanin mRNA demonstrated predominant galanin expression in normal corticotrophs.
 Immunoelectron microscopy confirmed the presence of Gal-IR in pituitary cells characteristic of corticotrophs in both normal and neoplastic pituitaries.
 Thus, as in the rat, galanin gene expression in the human pituitary is cell-type specific.
 Unlike the rat, however, human galanin gene expression is restricted to the corticotroph lineage.
 Studies of tumors confirmed the observed coexpression of galanin and adrenocorticotropic hormone.
 The divergent cell type specificity of galanin production in human and rat pituitaries reflects different patterns of gene activation in these two species.
 In addition, these results suggest that galanin in the human pituitary may participate locally in the regulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
