Use of mammography in screening for breast cancer.
 Recognizing the enormous impact that quality breast screening mammography can have on reducing breast cancer deaths, we need to determine when women's and physician's perceived restrictions for mammography examination impede the progress of its use for early cancer detection.
 A uniform system should emphasize valid communication and education between women and their physicians.
 Women seek to have a voice in their medical treatment.
 Yet that responsibility has an emotional price.
 Physicians and patients must decide together on the most appropriate strategies to enhance communication and adopt specific guidelines they will adhere to, to detect and cure early breast cancer.
 Women must be educated about breast screening mammography, and physicians must increase their efforts to proclaim its importance.
 Women need be assured the trend is toward using the most modern mammographic techniques.
 Quality medical care is medicine's purpose and in women's best interest.
 At present, no other diagnostic method is equivalent to mammography and capable of providing an equivalent impact on improving the detection and cure rate of breast cancer.
 Despite medical activities designed to reduce uncertainty in medicine, scientific evidence has not provided systematic answers as to the "best" way to approach issues of quality, cost, accessibility, or communication for breast screening mammography.
 No particular expert opinion or preference prevails for breast screening protocols.
 What is needed is adoption of a multidisciplinary approach, educating and motivating women and physicians to participate in breast screening activities.
 With trends directed toward high-volume breast screening operations, low-cost, quality mammography must be available and be impeccably performed.
 Some activities are natural subjects for financial quantification.
 It is objectionable to assume, however, that we can accurately place and agree on dollar amounts alone to represent the costs and benefits of screening mammography.
 The gaps between practices and attitudes about the benefits, risks, and costs of screening mammography suggest that people are not satisfied with the way physicians, women, influential groups, or regulatory agencies are balancing all of the elements.
 Better communication must exist between physicians and their peer groups involved in performing responsible mammography.
 Better communication must be achieved between physicians and women to take advantage of the usefulness of quality breast screening mammography.
 High-quality screening programs must be linked to third-party reimbursement and to legislation, if we are to make a difference.
 Screening mammography deserves our medical, economic, social, and political attention and action.
