T cells from tumor-immune mice nonspecifically expanded in vitro with anti-CD3 plus IL-2 retain specific function in vitro and can eradicate disseminated leukemia in vivo.
 The therapeutic efficacy of adoptive immunotherapy of cancer has been shown to positively correlate with the dose of tumor-immune T cells transferred.
 Therefore, the success of this therapy is critically dependent on the ability to procure large numbers of functionally active T cells.
 Previous studies in animal models have shown that the limited therapeutic efficacy of a small number of immune T cells can be greatly enhanced by expansion of T cells in vitro to greater numbers before transfer in vivo.
 Optimal regimens for T cell expansion in vitro have generally employed the use of intermittent stimulation of the TCR with specific Ag followed by exogenous IL-2.
 The use of IL-2 alone does not provide for requisite episodic up-regulation of IL-2R.
 Stimulation of the invariant CD3 portion of the TCR/CD3 complex with antibody to CD3 (anti-CD3) represents an alternative method of up-regulating IL-2R and has been used to nonspecifically induce the growth of Ag-specific T cell lines and clones long-term in vitro with maintenance of function and specificity.
 The current study examined whether resting T cell populations containing small numbers of memory tumor-specific T cells could be rendered more effective in tumor therapy by nonspecific expansion in vitro with anti-CD3 plus IL-2.
 Spleens from C57BL/6 mice previously immunized to FBL-3, a syngeneic virus-induced leukemia, were nonspecifically stimulated with anti-CD3 plus IL-2.
 The resultant T cells were expanded in number, were nonlytic to FBL-3 but retained the ability to become lytic upon specific stimulation by FBL-3, and were effective in specific tumor therapy.
 The Ag-specific anti-tumor immune function declined on a per cell basis after each cycle of anti-CD3-induced T cell expansion.
 However, the approach resulted in a substantial increase in total T cell number and an overall net increase in the function of the effector T cell population.
 Thus, stimulation of tumor-immune T cell populations with anti-CD3 plus IL-2 represents a nonspecific method for expanding the number of specific effector T cells for cancer therapy.
