Distribution patterns of type VII collagen in normal and malignant human tissues.
 The distribution of basement membrane type VII collagen was detected immunohistochemically and compared in normal human organs and their neoplastic derivatives using monoclonal antibody LH7.2.
 In normal tissues, type VII collagen was found to be restricted to the basement membrane surrounding or underlying combined epithelia, such as those lining breast, prostate, and bronchus, which are composed of a basal and luminal cell layer, and stratified epithelia, such as larynx, esophagus, trachea, vagina, ectocervix, and epidermis.
 No type VII collagen was found in the "simple' epithelia lining the major part of the gastrointestinal tract (GI) tract, such as liver, stomach, and intestine, or around blood vessels, muscle, and nerve fibers, which are surrounded, however, by a basement membrane containing type IV collagen and laminin.
 When tested in benign and malignant local tumors, antibody LH7.2 showed staining patterns partly similar to those observed in the corresponding normal tissues.
 This resulted in a well-circumscribed positive reaction around ducts in carcinomas in situ of the breast, in benign prostate tumors, in pleomorphic adenomas, and in a negative reaction in tumors of the GI tract.
 Furthermore type VII collagen was predominantly seen in carcinomas with a squamous differentiation, such as squamous carcinomas of the lung, head and neck, vulva, and vagina.
 These results indicate that the presence of type VII collagen in malignant tumors is correlated with (squamous) differentiation rather than with the origin of the tumor.
 With tumor progression, an increased presence of type VII collagen, as compared with normal urinary bladder, was found in infiltrating transitional cell carcinomas.
 Thus, although in general invasive and metastatic tumors do not express extensively type VII collagen, exceptions to this rule exist in bladder cancer, squamous carcinomas of the lung, tumors of the head and neck region, female genital tract tumors, and in some adenocarcinomas of the breast.
