Biocompatibility of radiolucent breast implants.
 Current implants for breast augmentation containing silicone gel, saline, or both are radiopaque on mammographic examination and can totally obscure microcalcifications and soft-tissue masses.
 The effect of these implants on the detection of early breast cancers in patients who have undergone augmentation mammaplasty remains unproven and controversial.
 Implants filled with medium-chain triglycerides (peanut oil) are radiolucent on mammographic examination and allow visualization of both soft-tissue masses and microcalcifications.
 To investigate the biocompatibility of radiolucent implants, 10 cc of sterile, nonpyrogenic peanut oil was injected subcutaneously into rats using silicone gel as a control.
 Twenty-one rabbits had two 125-cc silicone shell implants inserted on either side of the chest wall.
 The right-sided shell was filled with 125 cc of sterile saline, and the left-sided shell was filled with 125 cc of sterile, nonpyrogenic peanut oil.
 Results were determined by both histologic and radiographic examination.
 Rats injected with peanut oil equivalent to 7 percent of their body weight rapidly absorbed the freely injected oil without detriment.
 Histologic examination of the lungs, liver, kidneys, and tissues adjacent to the injection sites demonstrated no abnormalities.
 There was no evidence of allergic, toxic, inflammatory, or neoplastic response.
 Eighteen of 21 rabbits survived more than 3 months.
 Radiographs showed the oil-filled implants to be radiolucent, whereas the saline-filled controls obscured the surrounding soft and bony tissues.
 Histologic examination demonstrated a fibrous capsule surrounding both types of implants.
 Histologic examination of the lungs, liver, and kidneys showed no significant abnormalities.
 These and previous studies have shown peanut oil to be biocompatible when freely injected either intramuscularly or subcutaneously.
 This study demonstrates that a radiolucent, peanut oil-filled implant is biocompatible in animals and that further long-term studies for its use in humans are merited.
