High-dose chemotherapy with reinfusion of purged autologous bone marrow following dose-intense induction as initial therapy for metastatic breast cancer.
 We assessed the toxicity and efficacy of high-dose chemotherapy consolidation with reinfusion of purged autologous bone marrow in women with metastatic breast cancer responding to a dose-intense outpatient regimen.
 Thirty women with hormone-unresponsive metastatic breast cancer, previously untreated with adjuvant doxorubicin or with any chemotherapy for metastatic disease, were treated with cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, doxorubicin, fluorouracil, vincristine, and leucovorin for 16 weeks.
 Twenty-four patients responded to therapy; 8 showed a complete response, and 16 showed a partial response.
 These patients proceeded to the next phase of the protocol, ie, marrow harvest and treatment with 6000 mg/m2 cyclophosphamide and 800 mg/m2 thiotepa given over 4 days.
 Harvested marrow was purged with 100 micrograms/mL 4-hydroperoxycyclophosphamide, and all patients engrafted satisfactorily.
 The predominant side effects were myelosuppressive and gastrointestinal, and there were no deaths from toxic effects.
 Three of the 16 patients who showed a partial response after the outpatient phase of treatment achieved a complete response after high-dose therapy.
 The partial response seen in two more patients converted to a complete response at all sites except bone.
 The median time to disease progression for all patients in this study was 13 months, and the median survival was 22 months.
 Four of the original 30 patients remained without disease progression a median of 27 months from entry into the study.
 This study indicates that this dose-intense regimen can be safely administered, even with the use of purged marrow, with an acceptable toxicity profile.
 This approach results in a high response rate in women with metastatic breast cancer and could form the basis for a regimen to be tested in the high-risk adjuvant setting.
