will hendrick motor sports and joe gibbs racing be the top most competitive racing teams next season with hendrick have jeff gordon jimmie johnson and dale earnhardt jr and joe gibbs having tony stewart denny hamlin and kyle busch i didn't think about jgr going to toyota next season is that a definite thing is jgr really leaving chevy for toyota i don't think stewart and kyle busch are going to get along as team mates i see alot of arguing going on there they are just too much alike and both pop off at the mouth and have short tempers yes but if jgr chooses to go to toyota cross our fingers they don't then jgr will be back at the bottom of the food chain Hendrick Motorsports Joe Gibbs Racing Tony Stewart NASCAR Rookie of the Year Dale Earnhardt, Jr. NASCAR Thunder 2004 Richard Childress Racing Kevin Harvick Jeff Gordon Kyle Busch Indianapolis 500 Joe Gibbs Craftsman Truck Series NASCAR Chip Ganassi Racing Darrell Waltrip Jason Leffler Dale Earnhardt, Inc. Bill Davis Racing NEXTEL Cup Terry Labonte Martin Truex Jr. NASCAR 2005: Chase for the Cup Greg Sacks Coca-Cola 600 Indy Racing League Toronto Blue Jays Champ Car Jeff Green (NASCAR) Ernie Irvan Rick Hendrick Penske Racing Jackie Stewart Bristol Motor Speedway Eisner Award Harvey Award Derrike Cope Jordan Grand Prix Geoff Bodine Casey Atwood United States Automobile Club Formula One World Series Super Bowl XIII September 2005 in sports Pepsi 400 Toyota Camry Chelsea F.C. Talladega Superspeedway Sprint cars Sportswriting Wisden Cricketers of the Year West Bromwich Albion F.C. New York Giants Pro Football Hall of Fame American Championship Car Racing Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 2005 Ipswich Town F.C. English cricket team St. Louis Cardinals California Speedway Drifting (motorsport) Major professional sports league Toyota Motor Corporation New York Jets Aaron's 312 Toyota F1 1957 World Series Evernham Motorsports West Ham United F.C. Weekend Update (sketch) Aston Villa F.C. Baltimore Orioles The Amazing Race Toronto Argonauts April 2005 in sports May 2005 in sports 2005 United States Grand Prix Auto racing Houston Astros 2004 World Series The Drifters Canada at the 2004 Summer Olympics October 2005 in sports Tim Richmond Joe Paterno Pittsburgh Steelers Bobby Hillin, Jr. Carl Edwards Green Lantern Hank Aaron Sunday Times Rich List 2004 October 4 in baseball Harry Hyde 