i am really starting to like robby gordon he is having ambrose drive his cup car at the glen classy move i like robby gordons attitude standing up to nascar and his sense of fair play by acknowledging ambrose's great talent it's on jayski com he is running the as a second cup car sorry forgot to add this http msn foxsports com nascar story yeah that is a classy move by robby gordon it just goes to show that robby really believed that nascar was wrong and he was racin for the win he knows that ambrose is a great road racer i wish them both luck on sunday Hendrick Motorsports Robby Gordon Roush Racing NASCAR Richard Childress Racing Auto racing Chip Ganassi Racing Jeff Gordon Tony Stewart NEXTEL Cup Evernham Motorsports Matt Kenseth Lake Speed Casey Atwood Indianapolis 500 Kevin Harvick Alan Kulwicki Dale Earnhardt, Inc. Bill Davis Racing Greg Sacks NASCAR Rookie of the Year Brett Bodine Mark Martin (NASCAR) Stock car racing Ernie Irvan Darrell Waltrip Dale Earnhardt, Jr. Kurt Busch Dale Earnhardt Lowe's Motor Speedway MB2/MBV Motorsports Jimmie Johnson Watkins Glen International Talladega Superspeedway Sterling Marlin May 2005 in sports Terry Labonte Leeds United F.C. Richard Petty Riverside International Raceway Chris Amon Bristol Motor Speedway Jamie McMurray Leicester City F.C. Derrike Cope April 2005 in sports Sylvania 300 Raith Rovers F.C. Kyle Busch Liverpool F.C. Craftsman Truck Series NASCAR Thunder 2004 Geoff Bodine Sim racing Tim Richmond Rusty Wallace Robbie Fowler Bill Elliott Darlington Raceway Rich Bickle SPEED Channel R.S.C. Anderlecht Dan Gurney Stanton Barrett Front Row Motorsports Carl Edwards V8 Supercar Indianapolis Motor Speedway Grand-Am Grand Prix motor racing Robbie Williams Jack Charlton Jordan Grand Prix Bobby Hillin, Jr. NASCAR 2005: Chase for the Cup Drag racing August 2005 in sports Elliott Sadler Ravi Shastri NASCAR Video Games September 2005 in sports Indy Racing League Robbie McEwen Everton F.C. Jeff Burton International Race of Champions University College London Tobacco advertising The Jim Rome Show New Hampshire International Speedway Ned Jarrett Racing game West Indian cricket team EA Sports Dodge Charger Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Formula One 24 Hours of Le Mans Super Bowl XXIII 