my father died when i was young all ive got is an raf football trophy from how do i find out more all i know is that my father was stationed in germany at laarbruch and played for the raf football team in the 's does anyone know of anyone from that generation that might know something or even how i'd find out about my fathers service record i just want to find out about this area of his life which i dont know anything about as isaid my father died when i was very young and for some reason these sort of things where never discussed by my mother everyday i look at the trophy and wonder who he was or what was he like as a footballer surely someone knows how i'd go about obtaining this info my fathers name was james downie or 'jim' or 'jock' and according to the trophy i have he was player of the year in raf police laarbruch http www rafpa com here htm theres a site that may help you theres a few contact details on there from people there at that time good luck Red Arrows Royal Air Force National Football League FA Cup Football (soccer) Australian rules football American Football League The Football League Football World Cup Jim Thorpe Football League Trophy Jock Stein Essendon Football Club Charles Ives Canadian football Torquay United F.C. Mario Lemieux R.S.C. Anderlecht Football in England Rugby union Theory of conduct Wayne Gretzky Arsenal F.C. Canadian Football League Doug Flutie Celtic F.C. Wrexham A.F.C. Jim Stynes FC Barcelona Uniform Resource Locator Hibernian F.C. Brian Close Brazil national football team Field hockey Kenny Dalglish Swansea City A.F.C. Rangers F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers No. 3 Squadron RAF Bernard Williams National Hockey League All-Star Game West Bromwich Albion F.C. Red Army Faction Heisman Trophy Kansas City Chiefs Trevor Linden UEFA Champions League David Cooper (footballer) The Ashes Woking Bobby Orr Australian Football League Italy national football team Chelsea F.C. Germany national football team Stanley Cup Australian national rugby union team Baseball Real Madrid Norway national football team Green Bay Packers Super Bowl XXVI World Wide Web Air Training Corps Reggie Bush Miami Hurricanes Football Ontario Hockey League Teddy Sheringham Viv Anderson FIFA International structure of cricket First-class cricket Gustavo Kuerten College football England national football team Big East Conference History of rugby union Marching band PGA Championship Damon Allen League Cup Football World Cup 1958 Sidney Crosby Michael Owen Bobby Moore Cincinnati Bengals Sports timeline Dan Marino Notts County F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Hugo S__nchez Domain Name System University of Iowa Syracuse University Orange American football British Home Championship Super Bowl XXV Internet Super Bowl 