which college football program has the rudest fans the west virginia mountaineer fans are the worst i have ever come in contact with they throw their empty liquor bottles or batteries or anything else they can get their hands on at fans of the other teams they even do this if they are playing a aa school and are beating them American football College basketball Baseball College football West Virginia University Big East Conference National Football League Bowl Championship Series National Football League Lore Cincinnati Bengals Australian rules football Joe Paterno England national football team Virginia Commonwealth University Super Bowl XIV James Madison University Boston College Athletics Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University New York Giants Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Michael Vick Georgia Institute of Technology Miami Dolphins Buffalo Bills R.S.C. Anderlecht Atlantic Coast Conference New England Patriots University of Virginia Randy Moss American Football League Kansas City Chiefs Canadian Football League Canadian football Marshall University Texas Longhorn Athletics Memorial Stadium, Clemson Bundesliga (football) San Francisco 49ers Stonewall riots Syracuse University Orange St. Louis Rams San Diego Chargers Pacific Ten Conference Wide receiver Basketball Argentina national football team Ty Cobb Germany national football team Violence in sports Rugby union Professional wrestling match types Ship naming and launching Iron Bowl University of Pennsylvania Donovan McNabb NCAA football bowl games, 2004-05 Norway national football team Football (soccer) Dundee United F.C. University of Arkansas New York Jets Ultimate (sport) West Ham United F.C. University of Pittsburgh New York Mets Celtic F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Negro league baseball Carolina Panthers Auburn University Southeastern Conference Super Bowl XXVII American football strategy University of Michigan British Home Championship Notts County F.C. Indianapolis Colts Essendon Football Club Tris Speaker Snap (American football) Seattle Seahawks IFK G__teborg University of Nevada, Las Vegas Ali Daei Cleveland Browns Glen Jacobs Oklahoma NFL Draft University of San Francisco York City F.C. Preston North End F.C. History of American football Brazil national football team West Bromwich Albion F.C. United States men's national soccer team Denver, Colorado University of Texas at El Paso Football Bobby Knight The Game (college football) 