how do i remove ironed on letters from a replica football shirt the shirt is a few years old and has been washed several times the player has left my step daughter's team and she would like to remove his name from her shirt try wd there is also a wd pen now for exactly those challenges Football (soccer) Arsenal F.C. Wis__a Krak__w Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Legends of the Hidden Temple England national rugby union team Everton F.C. Germany national football team Huddersfield Giants FA Cup Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Harrow School Stanley Cup Crystal Palace F.C. Citizens Bank Park Paul Ince David Beckham Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. FC K__benhavn Rugby union positions National Football League Billy Bremner Newcastle United F.C. John Barnes (footballer) FC Barcelona Juventus F.C. Wrexham A.F.C. Viv Anderson Wales national rugby union team Hibernian F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Ajax Amsterdam Shirt Glossary of American football Portugal national football team Rangers F.C. Dinamo Zagreb The Football League Paul Madeley West Bromwich Albion F.C. Joe Jordan (footballer) Torquay United F.C. S__o Paulo Futebol Clube Gr__mio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense Penalty shootout (football) Forfar Athletic F.C. RCD Espanyol Professional wrestling match types Ronaldo Tony Adams (footballer) Hull Kingston Rovers Doug Flutie Ironing Norman Hunter Leigh Richmond Roose Floorball Australian rules football John Aldridge Harlequin F.C. Yankee Stadium Tai shogi Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Wigan Warriors Dai dai shogi Dai shogi Cannon shogi John Bull (locomotive) Animal Crossing FC Zwolle Cruzeiro Esporte Clube Paysandu Sport Club Canadian football Jack Charlton Soccer AM Fulham F.C. Football World Cup 2002 Rugby league Michigan State University European Challenge Cup Genoa Cricket & Football Club Kevin Keegan Derby County F.C. Wakefield Trinity Wildcats Softball Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME (North America) Tenjiku shogi Tommy Smith Acad__mica Rugby football Football World Cup 1990 American football Bangor City F.C. Westminster School Harrow Football Fat Man and Little Boy (Simpsons) England v Hungary (1953) Scotland national rugby league team Casting Club Am__rica 