did the sight of tony stewart scare jeff gordon too bad jeff gordon had to spin out on the final laps do you think gordon was psyched out by tony stewart hunting him down on the final laps scared i doubt it very much concerned you bet thats tony stewart in his reaview not some rook tony is great on road courses as is jeff both those guys know that if the other one is coming in your rearview on any course but especially a road course you better get ready for a battle these are two multiple cup champions racing out there and both those guys know that fact very well my guy lost out today but i won't hang my head in shame again thats tony freakin' stewart out there Tony Stewart Hendrick Motorsports Indianapolis 500 NEXTEL Cup May 2005 in sports Jeff Gordon Dale Earnhardt Kevin Harvick Indianapolis Motor Speedway Richard Childress Racing NASCAR Thunder 2004 Roush Racing American Championship Car Racing Dale Earnhardt, Jr. Chris Amon Avenue Q Horse racing English cricket team Jackie Stewart Talladega Superspeedway 2000 Australian Grand Prix United States Automobile Club Leeds United F.C. Jacky Ickx Indy Racing League Robby Gordon Richard Petty Rod Stewart Ipswich Town F.C. West Ham United F.C. Pepsi 400 Jeff Burton Family Guy Hibernian F.C. D.C. United Grand Prix motor racing NASCAR Kimi R__ikk__nen Chicago Blackhawks 2005 ICC Trophy Penske Racing San Francisco 49ers Gordon Banks June 2004 in sports JJ Yeley 24 Hours of Le Mans Mario Kart Super Circuit Tony Blair Tony George Scott Dixon NASCAR Rookie of the Year Lake Speed Coventry City F.C. Mario Kart 64 Canada at the 2004 Summer Olympics Chip Ganassi Racing Kurt Angle Pittsburgh Steelers Champ Car V8 Supercar Fran__ois C__vert Cox Plate Page Falkenberg Ernie Irvan Boston Bruins Formula One Professional wrestling match types New York Jets New York Giants The Double Buddy Guy Dale Earnhardt, Inc. Darrell Waltrip Gordon Strachan 2003 United States Grand Prix August 2005 in sports Aston Villa F.C. 2005 European Grand Prix Craftsman Truck Series Chelsea F.C. February 2005 in sports Ayrton Senna Phar Lap Gordon Johncock Tony Award for Best Musical Tyrrell Kasparov versus The World Alan Ball (footballer) 1896 Summer Olympics Bodyboarding July 2004 in sports Eisner Award West Bromwich Albion F.C. Sunday Times Rich List 2004 Michael Schumacher Manchester City F.C. Detroit Red Wings Montreal Canadiens BG James 