please help me on acting how do u know about a comercial audition please help your agent submits you for one George Clooney Rosemary Clooney Jos__ Ferrer Charles Mathews Michael Keaton Edward R. Murrow Mathew Brady Mel Brooks Irish people Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy Manitoba general election, 1922 Fr. Mathew Bridge Confessions of a Dangerous Mind Team America: World Police Batman and Robin (1997 film) From Dusk Till Dawn 1957 World Series Baby boomer Robert Jay Mathews Swimming at the 2004 Summer Olympics - Men's 100 metre Freestyle Angelina Jolie South Park Archibald Prize George C. Scott ER (TV series) Child actor Ira Aldridge George Sanders (actor) Seventy-ninth United States Congress Charlie Chaplin Air America Radio Eddie Mathews George Cukor Dion Boucicault Harrison Ford Ulysses S. Grant War of the Austrian Succession Australia at the 2004 Summer Olympics Angkor Thom Thom Yorke George M. Cohan The Peacemaker (film) Robert Altman George Abbott Nick Clooney India at the 2004 Summer Olympics Charlie Kaufman Ken Griffey, Jr. Thom Gunn Thom Hartmann Ocean's Twelve O Brother, Where Art Thou? Network (film) Fail-Safe Thelma and Louise Tom Cruise Brighton College 1896 Summer Olympics Academy Award for Sound Beyonc__ Knowles Haircut Fred W. Friendly George Jessel (actor) Richard Aldington Henry Fonda Johnny Weissmuller Athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics - Women's 4 x 400 metres relay Andy Garcia George Armstrong Custer Rose Third baseman MacArthur Foundation Peter Jennings Telly Savalas Screen Actors Guild George McFly Sharon Kane Rosie O'Donnell Actor Kenosha, Wisconsin 117th IOC Session Deaths in 2002 John Flaxman W. Somerset Maugham Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor Liam Gallagher Andre Agassi Academy Award for Sound Editing Humphrey Bogart Richard Thomas (actor) Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics Robin (comics) Bryan Singer Audio commentary (DVD) Characters in the Southern Victory series White Christmas (1954 film) Robert Downey Jr. Mat Cauthon Noel Gallagher University of Southern California 