where can i find japanese tea set with picture of empress in tea cup good luck back in the late 's the air force stationed my dad in japan my mom bought a hand made tea set in the bottom of each cup if you hold the empty cup up to the light there is a geisha girl it's not painted on the inside or outside but the china used to make the cups is thinner and thicker in different places to make the 'picture' it is very cool and i would love to find some more myself i don't think i could afford it though not the hand made stuff it's been appraised and oh momma if i ever sell it i could be rich but it's one of those sentimental things you know now that my mom is gone i'm going to keep it Japanese tea ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Turner Geisha Tea Mid-levels Korean tea ceremony The Fairly OddParents I Want to Hold Your Hand Black tea Menstrual cup Futurama (TV series - season 2) Dim sum Tag The dozens Tea (meal) Chinese tea culture The Adventures of Pete & Pete Hong Kong-style milk tea KaBlam! Kim Possible Futurama (TV series - season 5) The Inside Magic (illusion) Casting Rich Mullins Table tennis Grandview, U.S.A. Coffee Sake Kyle Broflovski Jon Secada Married... with Children Phoebe Buffay's songs Fan (implement) The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Fujian tea ceremony Green tea Hamburger Ramen Shaggy dog story Memoirs of a Geisha Dairy Calvin and Hobbes Japanese cuisine The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Our Gang Cliff Richard Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Yerba mate Oh My Goddess! SpongeBob SquarePants The Family from One End Street Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Social rule FA Cup Ice cream Tank 1970s Tea Classics Traditional animation Bong Kylie Minogue Domestic AC power plugs and sockets Kimono Jardine Matheson Holdings Limited Tea house Good Charlotte Great Teacher Onizuka Rugby union Xiaolin Showdown Hey Arnold! Breakfast Shit Magical DoReMi Teamo Supremo China Kimi Finster Satchel Paige Mattress Eric Cartman Faye Wong Teapot Volleyball Curling Stanley Cup The Rutles Azumanga Daioh Hey Jude Rococo Soap bubble Rose The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Matcha Jennifer Lopez West Bromwich Albion F.C. Gwen Stefani Exploration of Mars Bread 