does resident evil have a violence and gore setting my parents won't let me get re unless it has a gore and violence setting like re and does anyone deffinetly know if re has a viollence gore setting no it does not Resident Evil Bush v. Gore Video Game Ratings Council Joe Lieberman Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Horror film Tipper Gore Ralph Nader Paul W. S. Anderson Survival horror game Resident Evil: Afterlife Resident Evil (video game) Hammer Film Productions Democratic Party (United States) Video game controversy Parents Music Resource Center Mayhem (band) The Evil Dead Nintendo U.S. presidential election, 2000 Resident Evil 2 Entertainment Software Rating Board Gore, Oklahoma Terry Gerin Spoiler effect MPAA film rating system Resident Evil Code: Veronica Michael Dukakis Futurama (TV series - season 5) Kyo (musician) Grand Theft Auto III Dan Quayle Instant-runoff voting U.S. Electoral College Bill Brock Iowa caucus Bill Bradley Television rating system Gary Gygax Lesley Gore A Clockwork Orange Red state vs. blue state divide Love Story Martin Gore Jim Sasser Shaun of the Dead Percy Bysshe Shelley Gore Vidal Sturmabteilung Albert Gore, Sr. Cannibal Holocaust Al Gore Al Gore controversies National Rifle Association U.S. presidential election, 1988 Hillary Rodham Clinton Mutant (fictional) Vice President of the United States U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Zombie Professional wrestling attacks Bill Clinton Lady Byng Memorial Trophy Zimbabwe parliamentary elections, 2005 Resident Evil 3: Nemesis George W. Bush Resident Evil 4 (film) Violence in sports Underworld (2003 film) Resident Evil 4 Evil Aphrodite Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution Nashville, Tennessee U.S. presidential primaries, 2000 Doom (film) Legacy of Kain Fathers' rights Possible world Tommy Lee Jones Domestic violence Resident Evil 5 Blake's 7 Fred Phelps Lloyd Kaufman Doom Catherine Gore Robert De Niro Kyukyu Sentai GoGo-V Macbeth New York Islanders Land of the Dead Soldier of Fortune II: Double Helix Trinity Bellwoods Park Corporal punishment Zombi II Anthony Burgess The Evil of the Daleks Christopher Gore Captain Marvel (DC Comics) 