alan hovhaness symphony no mt st helens is the part for timpani in the fourth movement one of the best ever written for timpani by best i mean most stunning to listen to timpani eh as a timpani fan i'm intrigued to listen to this piece the only thing i've heard of hovhannes was a live performance of his second symphony it was ethereal to say the least Timpani Alan Hovhaness Symphony No. 9 (Beethoven) Symphony No. 94 (Haydn) Philip Glass Anton Bruckner Symphony No. 10 (Mahler) Roger Voisin Symphony No. 6 (Mahler) Symphony No. 8 (Beethoven) Symphony No. 5 (Beethoven) Symphony No. 3 (Mahler) Robert Simpson (composer) Symphony Violin Concerto (Beethoven) Charles Ives Authentic performance Symphony No. 2 (Mahler) Symphony No. 4 (Brahms) Musical works of Mozart Concert band Symphony No. 1 (Mahler) Roy Harris Symphony No. 6 (Beethoven) Symphonie Fantastique Symphony No. 40 (Mozart) Orchestra 20th century classical music Symphony No. 3 (Beethoven) Joseph Haydn Ladislav Kupkovi__ Symphony No. 103 (Haydn) Symphony No. 9 (Mahler) Manfred Symphony Symphony No. 1 (Havergal Brian) Symphony No. 7 (Beethoven) Sonata form The Firebird Dmitri Shostakovich John Cage Symphony No. 8 (Mahler) Camille Saint-Sa__ns Symphony No. 38 (Mozart) Symphony No. 7 (Dvo____k) Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) Symphony No. 5 (Mahler) The Seasons (Haydn) Violin Concerto (Berg) Symphony No. 7 (Mahler) Music for Strings, Percussion and Celesta Symphony No. 4 (Mahler) Symphony No. 3 (Prokofiev) Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky Music Program music Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart BBC World Service Carlos Kleiber Cello Concerto (Dvorak) Bassoon Marching band Bass clarinet Symphony No. 2 (Rachmaninoff) Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Carl Nielsen Witold Lutos__awski Joy Electric Cymbal Sergei Rachmaninoff Ludwig van Beethoven Musical analysis Symphony No. 1 (Brahms) Gordon Jacob Fugue Symphony No. 8 (Bruckner) Piano Concerto No. 20 (Mozart) Symphony No. 9 (Dvorak) Anton__n Dvo____k Beatles for Sale Percussion instrument Marching percussion Gustav Mahler Piano Concerto No. 1 (Tchaikovsky) Variations on a Theme by Joseph Haydn Rhapsody in Blue Disco The Creation Fidelio Choir Pet Sounds Arthur Sullivan Video game music Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji Steve Reich Classical music era Dave Matthews Band Symphony No. 0 (Bruckner) Symphony No. 9 (Bruckner) Grammy Awards of 1975 