what do u suppose georgie is doing right now mr president a couple lines of columbia's finest Georgi Purvanov Fred W. Friendly Columbia Pictures Herbie Hancock Columbia County, New York Georgy Malenkov Georgy Girl Georgy Zhukov Color charge Georgi Plekhanov Yuri Andropov Columbia River Gorge 1st Belorussian Front Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? Bulgaria Reichstag fire Soyuz 11 Space disaster Benjamin N. Cardozo Georgi Markov The Kinks University of British Columbia Marina Tsvetaeva United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit Marriage Columbia Law School Supreme Court of the United States Georgy Tovstonogov Eastern Front (World War II) General Hospital PFC Levski Sofia Quotient space Space Shuttle Columbia disaster Nas (rapper) Maccabi Haifa F.C. Maria Goeppert-Mayer Georgiy R. Gongadze Plurality electoral system Western Canada United Productions of America W.A.C. Bennett Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism American University Esquimalt, British Columbia Courtenay, British Columbia Sri Lanka Georgi-Glashow model Gold Logie Award for Most Popular Personality on Australian Television Takoma Park, Maryland Henry Clay Same-sex marriage in Canada Warren G. Harding Linen Richmond-Airport-Vancouver Line Jinyong British Columbia University of British Columbia Alma Mater Society Eric Ben__t Columbia Records Columbia College of Columbia University Columbia College of Chicago, Illinois Standard Model Hak Ja Han STS-3 Charles Mingus BC Rail Dean Acheson Alice in Chains Millennium Line W. Mark Felt Georgi Asparuhov John Steinbeck Zviad Gamsakhurdia Sidney Reilly Georgian Academy of Sciences Vicente Fox Dawson Creek, British Columbia Eamon de Valera Sakha Barnard College Vancouver SkyTrain Josip Broz Tito Sir Gawain and the Green Knight Alexis Bledel Nicholas M. Butler Capitol Steps Vasil Levski Columbia, South Carolina The Onion EDSA Revolution Voting rights in Washington, D.C. BC Ferries President of the United States Columbia County, Pennsylvania Politics of Bulgaria President of the Philippines United States Attorney Lehigh and New England Railroad Al-Qaeda in Iraq 