don't you find it annoying when people don't answer your question http answers yahoo com question index ylt aorvakibbuhtd kg toli lsy ix qid aaoxedo but but time zones there's a doppler effect with the time thingies i was at the movies godzilla tried to destroy my town you know if i had to blame anything it would be dandelions but i'm here now and in the end isn't that all that really matters King Kong vs. Godzilla Alien races from the Godzilla films Godzilla Godzilla vs. Megalon Godzilla vs Biollante The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Domain Name System Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla English grammar Tokusatsu Godzilla vs. Destoroyah Godzilla: Final Wars Godzilla 2000: Millennium Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II Godzilla (1998 film) Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah Godzilla (1954 film) Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack Godzilla comics Godzilla vs. Gigan Godzilla vs. Megaguirus Speed of light Godzilla vs. the Sea Monster Identity and change Gigan Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Gorosaurus Destoroyah Baragon Mothra SpaceGodzilla (monster) Orga Jet Jaguar Rodan Eiji Tsuburaya Tomoyuki Tanaka (producer) Kameba Baldrick King Ghidorah HyperText Transfer Protocol Terror of Mechagodzilla Social rule The Apprentice 2 Sly Cooper Cross site scripting Godzilla: Destroy All Monsters Melee Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Doppler effect Theory of conduct Godzilla vs. Mothra Relativistic Doppler effect The Return of Godzilla Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla Son of Godzilla Stochastic process Godzilla: Save the Earth Godzilla Raids Again Godzilla 3D to the MAX Binary search Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Godzilla vs. Hedorah The Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything Mothra vs. Godzilla Computational complexity theory CPU cache Godzilla: Tokyo SOS Jennifer Lopez Bambi Meets Godzilla Meaning of life Jumpstart 3rd Grade HTTP cookie Donald Rumsfeld Combinatorics Sydney Riot of 1879 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Primary and Secondary Phases You Don't Know Jack The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Census Destroy All Monsters Jeopardy! in culture Oxygen Destroyer Codename: Kids Next Door The nature of God in Western theology E-I-E-I-(Annoyed Grunt) Monty Python and the Holy Grail Coming of Age (TNG episode) Treehouse of Horror II Plame affair Fanon (fiction) Fallout (computer game) Angel One (TNG episode) RuneScape Random Events Anguirus Legal research Minya Kumonga Mechagodzilla U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Doppler radar 