let's see if we can get the us states in here just name the state you live in and let's see if we can get all michigan Van Buren County, Michigan Michigan Michigan State University Lansing, Michigan Lapeer County, Michigan Michigan Territory U.S. Congressional Delegations from Michigan Upper Peninsula of Michigan Benzie County, Michigan U.S. Highway 12 Livonia, Michigan Berrien County, Michigan East Lansing, Michigan Royal Oak, Michigan Sterling Heights, Michigan Branch County, Michigan Petoskey, Michigan Interstate 94 Cheboygan County, Michigan Genesee County, Michigan Mackinaw City, Michigan Debbie Stabenow Lake Michigan Charlevoix, Michigan Michigan State Highway 1 U.S. Highway 31 Census-designated place Grand Haven, Michigan Jennifer Granholm U.S. Highway 41 Thomas W. Ferry Indiana Toll Road U.S. Highway 2 Waterford Township, Michigan Michigan State Highway 6 U.S. Highway 33 Toledo War Wisconsin Territory Milan, Michigan Sufjan Stevens Western Michigan Michigan State Highway 53 Big Ten Conference James Blanchard Grand Valley State University Michigan State Highway 5 University of Michigan Clarkston, Michigan Michigan State Highway 10 Paw Paw, Michigan Indiana state highways Lighthouses in the United States Grand River Avenue Lewis Cass Tecumseh, Michigan U.S. Highway 45 Paul B. Henry The Rock (Michigan State University) Northern Michigan Memphis, Michigan Oakland County, Michigan St. Clair Shores, Michigan College Hall Pontiac, Michigan State university Battle Creek, Michigan Muskegon County, Michigan Kent County, Michigan Michigan State Highway 14 Western Michigan University Saginaw County, Michigan Wayne County, Michigan Saginaw, Michigan WKAR-TV John Norvell Sanilac County, Michigan Lower Peninsula of Michigan Marquette County, Michigan Lenawee County, Michigan Alvin M. Bentley United States Attorney Midwestern United States Student Assembly Monroe County, Michigan Solomon Sibley Bay City, Michigan Indiana Territory Lake Superior State University Tuscola County, Michigan John S. Barry Bedford Charter Township, Michigan Highest-income places in the United States Shiawassee County, Michigan Michigan Technological University Counties of the United States Troy, Michigan St. Clair County, Michigan Jackson, Michigan Ohio Mackinac Island 