tips and advice a writing a poem tips and advice a writing a poem i want to write a poem about me missing my freind but i dont know were to start also is it possible to write a poem to a freind about how you missing them without sounding like you like more than a freind well that all depends would you like it to rhyme are you going to send it to your friend publish it or just keep it in your diary you also have to start out with an idea more detailed than just missing your friend ie the time the two of you went to the beach and what that was like i'll help you if you like just e mail me at burnshag yahoo com Poetry Alice Liddell John Berryman C. S. Lewis Eugene Onegin Thomas Hardy Sleeping Murder Emily Dickinson Grunge music Amiga Power Michael Drayton Lewis Carroll The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Rhyme Mervyn Peake Spot the Dog Literature The Hunting of the Snark Fan fiction Matsuo Bash__ Imagism Ray Buttigieg James Joyce Samuel Taylor Coleridge Rudyard Kipling Jack Kerouac E. E. Cummings RuneScape quests Paul Bowles D. H. Lawrence Tao Te Ching William Butler Yeats Robert Burns John Dryden Marina Tsvetaeva Louis MacNeice A. A. Milne Modernist poetry in English Austin Clarke (poet) H.D. W. H. Auden The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show Prose Haiku Lost in Translation (poem) Robert Creeley Gmail Irish poetry Gottfried Leibniz Ern Malley Andrew Lang Alliterative verse News release Gary Snyder Alfred Tennyson, 1st Baron Tennyson Philip Larkin Edmund Curll CPU cache Ira Gershwin William Carlos Williams An Essay on Criticism The Waste Land Rabindranath Tagore Percy Bysshe Shelley Aleksandr Pushkin Du Fu Sonnet Yearbook James Henry Leigh Hunt Oscar Wilde __udov__t __t__r Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind The Voyage of the Beagle Information overload Samuel Johnson Shel Silverstein Seamus Heaney Dr. Seuss History of literature Thomas Love Peacock Fanny Burney Japanese poetry Chinese language Kurt Tucholsky Game development Waka Performance poetry Geoffrey Chaucer Petrarch Brian Aldiss Pierre de Ronsard William Blake Mike Love Charles Bukowski Algernon Swinburne Four Quartets Meter (poetry) Iliad Edith Sitwell 