do you agree with what karl shapiro said read details a politician is interested in holding you in his spell only untill you go to the polls where as the poet asks you to elect him for at least a thousand years karl shapiro an american poet and critic yes i've seen it happen empty promises campaign jargon a whole lot of political bs Plame affair ROC presidential election, 2004 Paul Martin Jimmy Carter Election Australian legislative election, 2004 Politics of the United States United Kingdom general election, 2005 Paul von Hindenburg Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress Poetry of the United States Read my lips: no new taxes 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Vicente Fox B. R. Ambedkar Japan general election, 2005 Joe Clark Karl Marx Green Party of Canada Tufts University Rick Santorum Politics of Canada Russian constitutional crisis of 1993 Albert Cheng U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Philippine general election, 2004 Progress Party (Norway) Gerrymandering Pim Fortuyn Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Campaign finance reform Democratic Party (United States) Democratic Underground Australian electoral system Unreformed House of Commons John Howard Jacques Parizeau Chen Shui-bian Edmund Stoiber Movement to impeach George W. Bush Centre Party (Germany) Canadian federal election, 1993 Jos__ Luis Rodr__guez Zapatero Parti Qu__b__cois leadership election, 2005 Milton Shapp Lee Atwater British Columbia general election, 2005 U.S. presidential election, 2008 Lalu Prasad Yadav Jerry Brown War poet U.S. presidential election, 2000 Political campaign Plame affair timeline Canadian federal election, 2004 Russ Feingold Conservative Party (UK) Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo Chiang Ching-kuo Elections in the United States Sharon Tate Republican Party (United States) Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario Quebec general election, 2003 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Elections in the United Kingdom Politics of Mexico Norm Coleman George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Bertie Ahern Christian Democratic Union (Germany) President of the United States Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Ontario Liberal Party Public choice theory History of Thailand since 1973 Quebec sovereignty movement Francis Galton Orissa German spelling reform of 1996 Bloc Qu__b__cois McGill University Joschka Fischer Karl Rove U.S. Senate election, 2006 Cleveland Indians Dan Quayle Politics of Ontario David Orchard Post-election developments in Ukraine, 2004 New Zealand elections Alan Keyes Robert L. Ehrlich Monarchy in Canada Gary Snyder Sponsorship scandal Stephen Harper 