feeling poetic ok i need whoever feels like doing it to write a poem here's what it should be about it's about a girl who fell in love with this guy but she doesn't know if she should approach him or not because they live miles from each other but she knows that if she approaches him and they start a relationship they could only be together weeks and then they wouldn't see each other for a year but she also knows she will feel sorry if she doesn't find out how he feels about her she doesn't know what to do and she's sad and confused in the end she decides to approach him and find out how he feels now this is just basically what it should be about you don't have to stick to it strictly and you can add whatever you want it can be long or short it doesn't matter as long as it's romantic i hope someone will have a go at it i would appreciate it a lot of course points will go to the best poem i am wondering should i get up and run run from all the darkness of life in hopes that you are my sun or had i better let you go knowing my heart would be shattered and save myself a world of hurt though indeed this would leave me battered no i will run i will fly to you though i know i'll eventually fall for 'tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all Friends Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Jon Secada Pitaten Blood on the Tracks Scenes from a Memory Charmed EastEnders Theory of conduct Kodocha Pok__mon Live! Aladdin (1992 film) Poetry One Tree Hill (TV series) Daredevil Oh My Goddess! Jean Grey Sex and the City Shot of Love Incarnations of Immortality Blonde on Blonde Phoebe Halliwell The Amber Spyglass Characters in the Smurfs Hermione Granger Ra (board game) Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist Marilyn Monroe Transactional analysis About Schmidt Anne Rice H.D. Ron Weasley Alena Random Harvest The Ashlee Simpson Show Year of the Spider One Life to Live Beauty and the Beast (1991 film) Mina Mongoose Too Short a Season (TNG episode) The Subtle Knife Honey and Clover Hey Jude Ginny Weasley Tenshinhan W.I.T.C.H. Gwen Stacy Luke and Laura Spencer True Crime: Streets of LA Theodicy Four Quartets The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Fiddler on the Roof Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword The Good Soldier Shaggy dog story Sin City Wolfrider Atomic Kitten Kurt Cobain Minor characters in Sonic the Hedgehog Good Times Everwood The Contender (television series) 1957 World Series E. E. Cummings Days of our Lives R.E.M. (band) John Berryman Revolutionary Girl Utena Avatar: The Last Airbender The Death Gate Cycle The Emancipation of Mimi Alfred Edward Housman Major League Baseball television contracts Operation Market Garden Liam Gallagher Real Love (song) Marion Zimmer Bradley Pip (South Park episode) Brian Griffin The Dark Tower (series) Aerial (dance move) Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu Another Side of Bob Dylan Cliff Richard Ronald D. Moore About a Boy Piccolo Junior Saga Beetle in an Anthill 2004 Republican National Convention Rei Ayanami Sheepshead Extreme Programming Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters The Inside InuYasha 