poem how is it these things make me remember you sometimes at the end of november when the wind catches the leaves and the dusk runs away at five i remember you when the air stirs with a stench and the wind hits my lungs brisk i remember you on occasion looking at the stones on the beach beneath my feet so far away from life i remember you i can't remember how you were but only how you are so subtle that thought like an unexpceted breeze or the darkness of room whose light has vanished when i write my poetry i quiver with that one impression i remember you i really love what you did dmc but the problem with editing is that once a work is edited it is no longer created by your own mind but is inflicted by the mind of another this doesn't just lend itself to love poetry to me it lends itself to the memory of a lost loved one of course every poem will be viewed by the history of the reader and i lost my mother months ago so this poem reminds me of her and sadness and missing her Poetry Time Out of Mind Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Waka Second Battle of El Alamein C. S. Lewis Du Fu The Tale of Genji William Butler Yeats John Berryman John F. Kennedy assassination She Loves You Mnemonic Obi-Wan Kenobi The Lovely Bones Socrates Augustan poetry Wendell Berry Past teachings of Prem Rawat Sant Mat USS Uhlmann (DD-687) Walt Whitman E. E. Cummings Gary Snyder T. S. Eliot Lost in Translation (poem) Sant Thakar Singh Origin belief Samuel Beckett D. H. Lawrence Chicago Cubs Japanese poetry Thomas M. Disch Datalore (TNG episode) Louis MacNeice J. R. R. Tolkien Immortality Piccolo Junior Saga W. H. Auden Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Episodes of Lost (Season 1) SMTV Live William Cowper Thomas Chatterton Paradise Lost Shakespeare's sonnets Guy Davenport Allen Ginsberg Gitanjali Das Lied von der Erde Victor Hugo Yoga Sutras of Patanjali The Dunciad Fernando Pessoa Pet Sounds House of Leaves Vladimir Nabokov The Amber Spyglass H.D. William Shakespeare Theory of conduct Andr__ Ch__nier H.P. Lovecraft Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories The Dark is Rising Sequence Black Comedy Miss Saigon Blonde on Blonde Ludwig Wittgenstein Robert Creeley Dmitri Shostakovich Walter Savage Landor Aesthetic Realism Catullus Sigmund Freud Parsifal The Star Wars Holiday Special Madeleine L'Engle Link (Legend of Zelda) Blood on the Tracks Edgar Allan Poe Arthur Schopenhauer Isaac Asimov Jon Secada Emily Dickinson The Invisibles Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Ten Commandments Tupac Shakur Conan the Barbarian Random Harvest Rudyard Kipling Yoko Ono USS Twining (DD-540) Beat generation Fahrenheit 451 Ancient Greek literature Arabic poetry 