do you like this poem each time on my leaving home i run back to my mothers arms one last hold then it's over watching me you know i cry you wave a kiss goodbye feel the sky fall down upon me all i am a child with promises all i have are miles full of promises of home if only i could stay with you my train moves on you're gone from view now i must wait until it's over day's will pass your words to me it seems to long eternity but i must wait till it's over my friend gave me this poem a lond time ago so i thought i might post it so others could read it she said she coppied it some where i think it's awsome why don't you write poems Miss Saigon Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind The Amber Spyglass Jon Secada Sydney Riot of 1879 Time Out of Mind Friends The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Piccolo Junior Saga Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Leonard Cohen Scenes from a Memory Nico Robin Night (book) Battle of Bassorah Yehuda Halevi Pitaten The McGuire Sisters The Catcher in the Rye Battles of Lexington and Concord Kodocha Louis MacNeice One Tree Hill (TV series) Grandview, U.S.A. Fancy Crane Piccolo (Dragon Ball) Emily Dickinson The Shining (film) Cao Cao The Times They Are A-Changin' Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban The Invisibles John Wesley Parsifal Melanie Wilkes Los Angeles Dodgers St. Elmo's Fire (film) The Family from One End Street Social rule Saki Shaggy dog story Thinks ... The Jazz Singer 50 First Dates Rabindranath Tagore Cupid and Psyche Tom Jones (singer) AFI 100 Years series Origin belief Another Side of Bob Dylan Odyssey Brigadoon Sin City Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March Lost in Translation (poem) The Ashlee Simpson Show Death and state funeral of Ronald Reagan Samuel Beckett Paul Revere's Ride Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Cliff Richard Japanese poetry State funeral of John F. Kennedy Milton H. Erickson E. E. Cummings Nightmare (Soul Calibur) The Vile Village Knots Landing Futurama (TV series - season 2) Planet Waves Christian eschatology The Subtle Knife Battle of Thermopylae Saga (band) Gregg Alexander The Waste Land J. R. R. Tolkien Atomic Kitten Father's Day (Doctor Who) Ocean's Twelve Beowulf Charles Bukowski God and gender Arthur Machen The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Yoko Ono Frankie Laine Dancing at Lughnasa Time Ranma __ characters Rais massacre Darth Revan EastEnders Freddy Fender Eternal Father, Strong to Save The Wall John Berryman Bhagavad Gita Eli Siegel 