how do people get published who do you send them to and how do you protect your work todd the previous commentator made some very good points on one point i might take a different tack i never use poet's market or writer's market i have found them to be slick corporate unimaginative and a whole buncha other stuff as well what i do use is an incredible source book that comes out every two years from dustbooks called the international directory of little magazines and small presses it lists literally thousands of publishers along with reporting times the magazines slant who they have published in the past what they pay etc this can be a bit daunting to go through so i look at it as a long term research program i put stars by each one i think i might fit in to and at the same time consume the magazine poets writers the bible for literary writers if you haven't seen it their classified section is legendary they have listings for poems and short stories wanted for anthologies literary magazines and many other things if you are wanting to start publishing the best way to go is to start with magazines no book publisher will put up for someone who does not have a track record so if after a couple of years you go to a publisher and say something like look i've had poems published in ploughshares the paris review crazyhorse i have an audience who will pay you money to buy a book etc best of luck Literature Guy Davenport Manga Harold Bloom Comic book Doctor Who spin-offs James Joyce Marvel Comics King James Version of the Bible Science fiction Samuel Beckett Science fiction magazine Anglo-Saxon literature J__rriais The Standard Charles Bukowski Objectivist poets Michael J. Bernard Herman Melville Genre fiction Thomas Ligotti Eugene Onegin Arthur Machen Chuck Palahniuk Amiga Power Performance poetry Self-publishing A Day in the Life Modernist poetry in English Rudyard Kipling H.D. Plame affair Carl Barks Charles Baudelaire Harlan Ellison Fox News Advertising J. R. R. Tolkien Waka British Poetry Revival History of the English Bible Robert Browning Emily Dickinson Japanese literature Marketing Donald Hall Fair use Short story Louis MacNeice Newspaper Creation according to Genesis Ernest Hemingway Victor Hugo Imagism Mortgage Eli Siegel Haiku African American literature Option The Waterboys Grant Morrison F. Scott Fitzgerald Jorge Luis Borges Supply and demand T. S. Eliot Literature of the United States British comic The New York Times Louis Zukofsky Harlem Renaissance Victorian literature Technology Review Norse saga Sonic the Hedgehog BBC J. Slauerhoff Robert Graves Brian Coffey Dorothy Parker Atlas Comics (1950s) Sinfest Journalist Nintendo Power Richard Ford Wis__awa Szymborska Sanskrit literature Sampling (music) Linked list Neil Gaiman Ra (board game) Pavel Jozef __af__rik Arabic literature Microsoft Michael Moorcock E. E. Cummings Edgar Allan Poe 