when writing metrical poetry how do you begin writing your poetry with free verse it was easier to just get the words on page but i'm going free metrical poetry only for awhile but it's made it harder for me to get my thoughts down the way i want them to right now i'm expirimenting just writing the poem in free verse and then converting it into a set form in which ways do you have the most success thanks for any thoughts ideas i'm new to metrical poetry too most of what i've written is free verse i've had the exact same experience you've had and arrived at the same solution if i start with metrical poetry i feel like i'm stunting my content so i write it in free verse and then consider which traditional form would make the most sense to try to convert it to i rewrite it in that form using the free verse content as a guide and then i review both results so i think you're on the right track Poetry Meter (poetry) Haiku Literature Alliterative verse Japanese poetry Poetry of the United States Biblical poetry Prose Irish poetry Imagism Einstein's field equation Yoga Sutras of Patanjali Old Norse poetry Waka George Oppen Blank verse Arabic poetry Mu'allaqat French literature of the 19th century Sonnet Robert Creeley William Butler Yeats Blood on the Tracks General relativity Limerick (poetry) Real number Medieval French literature Korean literature Homer English poetry Thomas M. Disch Schwarzschild metric Poetic diction Byzantine music Ode Screenwriting Beowulf Yehuda Halevi Latin poetry E. E. Cummings Jewish principles of faith John Berryman Anthology Modernist poetry in English Rabindranath Tagore Ballad Metrical psalter Skald Surrealist techniques Metrication Thomas Hood Irish mythology Fernando Pessoa Performance poetry Chinese poetry Medieval poetry SI D. H. Lawrence Robinson Jeffers Nonsense verse Emily Dickinson Determinism Ten Commandments Bible Mathematics of general relativity Lyric poetry Sant Mat A Course In Miracles Percy Bysshe Shelley Topology Verse drama and dramatic verse Four Quartets Incantation Foot (prosody) P-adic number Romanticism Greek Anthology Arianne Louis Zukofsky J. R. R. Tolkien God and gender Another Side of Bob Dylan Byzantine Literature Victor Hugo Time Out of Mind Narrative Eugene Onegin Anglo-Saxon literature History of literature Arabic literature W. H. Auden Exact solutions in general relativity Hanshan Irish literature Islam Modernism Richard Eberhart Folk music 