what are the recent issues can get an american angry when asked immigration the war in iraq and the wonderfull job president bush is doing leading this country that last one always gets a rise out of people make sure you enter the conversation heavily armed if you choose to discuss any one of these issues to an american these days if you value your life U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Plame affair Kurdish people Karl Rove Politics of Iraq Anti-Americanism United States Ethnic issues in Japan U.S. presidential election, 2008 Downing Street memo 2004 Democratic National Convention Iraq War George H. W. Bush Democracy Special relationship Jeff Gannon Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Fahrenheit 9/11 Iraq disarmament crisis Dixie Chicks Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo Axis of evil Occupation of Iraq timeline Jos__ Luis Rodr__guez Zapatero John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 War on Terrorism Pat Buchanan George F. Kennan Popular opposition to the 2003 Iraq War Reconstruction of Iraq History of the United States Les Aspin Joseph C. Wilson Yellowcake forgery 2004 Republican National Convention Governments' positions pre-2003 invasion of Iraq Zell Miller Immigration Movement to impeach George W. Bush Amnesty International George W. Bush Omar Hasan Ahmad al-Bashir Donald Rumsfeld Military history of the United States Jacques Chirac Senate Report of Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq American Israel Public Affairs Committee Gulf War Euro September 11, 2001 attacks timeline for the day of the attacks Avenue Q Illegal immigration Article One of the United States Constitution History of the United States (1988-present) Voter turnout Project for the New American Century Unlawful combatant Joe Lieberman Weapons of mass destruction President of the United States Aliyah Overpopulation David Kelly Michael D. Brown The UN Security Council and the Iraq war April Glaspie Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Zimbabwe parliamentary elections, 2005 Hurricane preparedness for New Orleans Politics of the United States Hispanic Criticisms of the War on Terrorism United Nations Security Council Secretar__a de Inteligencia Reform of the United Nations Joint Resolution to Authorize the Use of United States Armed Forces Against Iraq History of Germany since 1945 Social Security (United States) Neoconservatism in the United States Right-wing politics 11 March 2004 Madrid train bombings Ted Kennedy British Mandate of Palestine Bowling for Columbine The Left and Opposition to War U.S. presidential election, 2004 Israel Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Plame affair timeline Military opposition to the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji) Central Intelligence Agency Asian American Military unrest since the Fiji coup of 2000 Acting President of the United States Iraqi Interim Government Iraqi National Congress Six-Day War Roh Moo-hyun 