best young adult books what are some good young adult books but are not historical fiction and science fiction twilight new moon both by stephenie meyer go ask alice jay's journal define normal the series of the mediator by meg cabot also the series of where r u the misfit flipped speak cut rancour prom nights from hell also by meg cabot and stephenie meyer is also in there Young adult literature Survivor: Palau Children's literature Science fiction Dean Koontz Israeli literature Glenn Danzig Robert A. Heinlein History of As the World Turns (2000-present) Death rock The Princess Diaries Harlan Ellison Prom Neil Gaiman Can't Hardly Wait Meg Ryan Megan Griffin Prisoner (TV series) William Shatner Alan Moore New England Jack L. Chalker Science fiction on television Steampunk Josie and the Pussycats (comic) Venus Survivor (TV series) Jerome Bixby Mortimer Adler Arnold Rothstein To Serve Man (The Twilight Zone) Rod Serling The Misfits Go Ask Alice Madeleine L'Engle The Tribe The Washington Post Flash (comics) Richard Matheson Apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic science fiction Non-fiction Julian May Center for Science and Culture Zorro Hercules: The Animated Series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit James Blish Family Guy Literature Lin Carter Dina Meyer Stephen C. Meyer Stephen R. Lawhead American Dreams Fantasy UFO (TV series) Cyberpunk Predestination paradox Love of Life Autism Diane Duane Indiana Jones Alice Walker Laurell K. Hamilton Chuck Cunningham syndrome The Giver Pedophilia Poul Anderson Reservoir Dogs Star Trek Philip K. Dick Ursula K. Le Guin Martin Goodman Asperger syndrome The Outer Limits Stephen Baxter Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Pink Floyd trivia Purim C. J. Cherryh Stephenie LaGrossa Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer (television special) Philip Pullman Meyer Lansky Intelligent design Stargate (film) Military science fiction Hell Pen name African American literature Little Women Brian Aldiss Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan Alice Liddell Twilight Puberty Archie Comics Roger Ebert 