macbeth novel report what's the author's effectiveness and the novelized version of macbeth also could someone give me a couple of quotations that convey the author's style or thematic intentions please help the author is william shakespeare also i meant in the novelized version not 'and' thanks never heard of it could you give the name of the author please edit well william shakespeare is not the author of a novelized version of macbeth he only wrote the play so i don't know what work you are talking about sorry William Shakespeare Macbeth Shakespeare on screen Thomas Middleton John Steinbeck Literature Shakespeare in Love Dmitri Shostakovich Richard III (play) Shakespearean authorship Nihilism Robertson Davies Shakespeare Apocrypha King James Version of the Bible 17th century in literature Julius Caesar (play) Tom Stoppard BBC Television Shakespeare Author Crime fiction Macbeth of Scotland Shakespeare's reputation Macbeth (1971 film) Alain-Ren__ Lesage English literature Orson Welles Tragedy Mark Rylance Gene Wolfe Charles Dickens Chronology of Shakespeare plays Theatre technique C. J. Cherryh William Davenant Charles Williams Anatomy of Criticism British monarchy Science fiction Friedrich Schiller King Lear Macbeth (opera) Augustan drama Richard II (play) Dr. Seuss The Regina Monologues W. S. Gilbert Edward III (play) Folios and Quartos (Shakespeare) Cardenio Hamlet Victor Hugo Romeo and Juliet British literature John Updike George Oppen Novel Douglas Adams Wheel of Fortune References in Star Trek William Warburton The Tempest (play) William Lilye Philosophy of history Joseph Conrad Royal Shakespeare Company Orson Scott Card Georg Brandes 10 Things I Hate About You George Orwell J. Michael Straczynski Judith Anderson Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Sonnet E. L. Konigsburg Henry James Southern literature Revenge play Children's literature C. S. Lewis Christopher Walken Chuck Palahniuk Miguel de Cervantes Ian McKellen Apostolos Doxiadis Oxfordian theory Hans Christian Andersen English grammar Samuel Beckett Something Wicked this Way Comes New Criticism Giuseppe Verdi Augustan literature Kurt Vonnegut Whitley Strieber Roman Polanski Originalism H. G. Wells Restoration spectacular 