elizabeth gilzean houghton harlequin romance cherry ripe hi i am looking for anyone who had read an older romance author elizabeth gilzean or elizabeth houghton i am looking for a specific book that features the quote from thomas campion's poem cherry ripe themselves do cry i have been searching for this book for years any recognition of this quote in a harlequin older 's 's would be incredibly helpful thanks i personall y havent read it but have you thought of contacting harlequin romance about it Romance novel Newbery Honor Neil Gaiman English literature Ezra Pound Drama Elizabeth Bishop Novel The Faerie Queene Literature The Invisibles Sonnet Dog William Shakespeare The Secret of NIMH John Dryden Quotation Nora Roberts Robert Browning A Course In Miracles Mills & Boon Jean Grey Beat generation Cherry Elizabeth Smart (author) Psalms Japanese poetry English poetry Thomas Ligotti James Fenimore Cooper T. S. Eliot The Country Wife Thomas Chatterton Eldar (Warhammer 40,000) Jack Kirby Victorian literature The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Quentin Tarantino J. R. R. Tolkien Dylan programming language Manifest Destiny The Shepherd of Hermas Dean Koontz Apocrypha Richard Monckton Milnes, 1st Baron Houghton Fair use Jerry Cornelius The Tale of Genji Warhammer 40,000 Medieval literature Sonic the Hedgehog Peter Levi Tyburn, London Victor Hugo Augustan literature African American literature Edward FitzGerald (poet) Joseph Campbell Harlan Ellison Manga George Oppen Vladimir Nabokov Howl Richard Aldington Anthony Munday Romance of the Three Kingdoms Thomas Pynchon Janet Frame Robert Gould Jane Campion History of modern literature Emily Dickinson Arthur Machen British literature Walter J. Ong Siegfried Sassoon Harlequin F.C. Commedia dell'arte The Dunciad Elizabeth Barrett Browning Canadian dollar Linda Dano Ken Grimwood Jim Steranko C. J. Cherryh James Henry Leigh Hunt Dundee F.C. Kingsley Amis Lambda Literary Award The Hobbit Edmund Campion New Testament Geoffrey Chaucer Italian literature King Arthur Carl Sagan Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom Anglo-Saxon literature Charles Dickens Venetian language 