i absolutely love reading any great books you could suggest i'm years old by the way thanks if you are into poetry try shakespeare's sonnets william blake complete works oscar wilde complete works metamorphoses by ovid harry potter plays for dancers by yeats any thing for dickens or austin da vinci code it's very interesting and well written sorry but that's what come to my mind right now hope this is useful English poetry Metamorphoses (poem) William Butler Yeats Ovid British literature Lyric poetry William Shakespeare Sonnet William Empson Literature Shakespearean authorship Michael Drayton Oscar Wilde Ezra Pound Irish theatre Shakespeare's sonnets Richard Aldington Charles Dickens John Berryman Arthur Machen History of modern literature Shakespeare on screen Irish poetry William Blake Hans Christian Andersen The Cantos Harry Potter Fictional character Augusta, Lady Gregory Great Books of the Western World The Picture of Dorian Gray Victorian literature Harold Bloom Imagism Christopher Marlowe Poetry Paradise Lost The Tempest (play) Meter (poetry) Samuil Marshak Program music Louis Zukofsky English literature Peter Ackroyd Gary Snyder John Dryden A. L. Rowse C. S. Lewis Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Hermione Granger The Second Coming (poem) James Joyce A Midsummer Night's Dream Wallace Stevens Cecil Day-Lewis Guy Davenport Ted Hughes Adam Mickiewicz W. H. Auden John Cage Edward III (play) Beat generation Robertson Davies Walter J. Ong Austin Clarke (poet) G. K. Chesterton Fahrenheit 451 J. K. Rowling Lewis Theobald The Unquiet Dead Miguel de Cervantes Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton E. P. Thompson Anthony Hopkins Victor Hugo History of literature Romeo and Juliet Dance Orpheus T. S. Eliot Emily Dickinson Pederasty John Donne Objectivist poets Michelangelo John Williams (composer) Walter de la Mare Magic (Harry Potter) Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Performance poetry Shakespeare's reputation Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Abbey Theatre Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) The Merchant of Venice James Henry Leigh Hunt Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Charles Fort 