do anyone know the order of e lynn harris's novels i've read that was say a little prayer invisible life just as i am and abide with me i would like to stay consistent in the order of his books so do anyone know the order his novels go in i would like to read and this to shall pass however i don't know if there is a novel that's before it thanks invisible life self published mass marketed just as i am winner of blackboard's novel of the year award and this too shall pass if this world were mine winner of james baldwin award for literary excellence abide with me not a day goes by any way the wind blows winner of blackboard's novel of the year award a love of my own winner of blackboard's novel of the year award what becomes of the brokenhearted a memoir unlike his previous books which were all novels this was an autobiographical memoir i say a little prayer' pax c Novel Alice Munro African American literature Autobiographical novel Autobiography Crime fiction Ursula K. Le Guin John Irving Samuel R. Delany Billboard Hot 100 Chuck Palahniuk Philip Roth D. H. Lawrence Robertson Davies Night (book) H. G. Wells Man Booker Prize Literature of the United States Jack London Rabindranath Tagore Oscar Wilde Michael McKean Canonical hours Fight Club Literature Morley Callaghan Comics Nestl__ Smarties Book Prize H.D. Japanese literature Anne Rice Thomas Pynchon Gene Wolfe Vittorio Alfieri Harvey Award Michael Ondaatje Kay Boyle Hans Christian Andersen George Moore (novelist) Whitbread Book Awards Rule of St Benedict William Goldman William Styron Canon (fiction) Ernest Hemingway Leslie Cheung Henri Poincar__ Charles Bukowski E. E. Cummings James Blish J. G. Ballard Yom Kippur Neil Gaiman Eucharistic discipline Fantastic Four Expanded Universe (Star Wars) John Berryman Book of Common Prayer Richard Aldington Thomas Love Peacock Brandy (entertainer) James Tait Black Memorial Prize Graham Greene Academy Award for Best Art Direction Harlan Ellison Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book James Merrill Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Narrator C. S. Lewis Grammy Awards of 2005 Orhan Pamuk Comic book The Aventis Prizes for Science Books Evan Hunter Children's literature James Bond Lambda Literary Award Hawthornden Prize Jack Kerouac Grammy Award Emmylou Harris T. S. Eliot Stanley Cup Michael Moorcock Patrick White Mass (liturgy) Genre fiction First Vision I Will Always Love You (Whitney Houston song) British literature The Standard James Fenimore Cooper The Spy Who Loved Me C__line Dion Harry Potter The Isley Brothers Charles Dickens Shirley Jackson The Amber Spyglass 