are anne rice's vampire novels as amazingly wonderful as stephenie meyer's i love the twilight series i seriously cannot live without those amazing books and i was wondering if i should bother reading anne rice novels p s team edward i love those books too from what i have read they are not as good as the twilight series but its also a completely different kind of story Anne Rice The Twilight Zone Novel The Vampire Chronicles Tony Award for Best Musical Anne of Green Gables Vampire fiction J. Michael Straczynski Bernice Summerfield Choose Your Own Adventure The Tale of the Body Thief Tarzan Science fiction magazine Discworld Interview with the Vampire The Foundation Series C. S. Lewis The Silence (The Twilight Zone) Edgar Rice Burroughs Harry Potter Don McGregor Science fiction on television Modesty Blaise The Chronicles of Narnia Lin Carter Goosebumps Anne Murray Terry Pratchett Harlan Ellison Ray Bradbury History of modern literature Douglas Adams Ann Jillian To Serve Man (The Twilight Zone) The Arsenal of Freedom (TNG episode) Dean Koontz Kolchak: The Night Stalker John Peel Fan fiction Jack London Laurell K. Hamilton James Bond Mercedes Lackey Apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic science fiction The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Gerald Durrell Academy Award for Best Art Direction Buffy the Vampire Slayer Jane Austen Uncle Tom's Cabin Kim Stanley Robinson Frank Herbert Robertson Davies Katharine Tynan School Hard (Buffy episode) Virginia C. Andrews Angel (TV series) The Wheel of Time Children's literature E. E. Smith Ian Fleming Publications The Amazing Spider-Man Barsoom series Jack Kerouac Academy Award for Original Music Score E. E. Cummings .hack The Tale of Genji Where Is Everybody? Donald Barthelme Richard Matheson Treehouse of Horror II Janwillem van de Wetering Buck Rogers (science fiction) Colleen Doran Larry McMurtry Fred Saberhagen Inspector Morse Alan Moore The New Twilight Zone 1957 World Series Vampire Hunter D Aladdin (1992 film) The Curse of Fenric Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire Marion Zimmer Bradley La Jolla, California Shapeshifting Robert Jordan Kate Wilhelm Goth Fantasy subgenres Gothic novel Superhero Chuck Palahniuk Isaac Asimov's Robot Series The Dark Tower (series) Chelsea Quinn Yarbro Paradise Lost Victorian literature 