recommend a great book for me hi i am and am looking for suggestions for what to read next i like fantasy crime novels and mysteries i'm not fond of really mushy romances there has to be more to the novel than romance for me to enjoy it i've already read all seven harry potter books by the way and i love them the quickie by james patterson filled with crime and just enough passion to hold your interest but not turn you away a trill er and a page turner also the ho test book he has out at the moment other that the six degree another crime novel that is a blast and also a page turner Crime fiction Novel Harry Potter Romance novel Genre fiction Robert A. Heinlein Young adult literature Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Literature C. S. Lewis Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Sherlock Holmes A. S. Byatt Whodunit Harold Bloom DC Comics J. K. Rowling American Psycho Fox Feature Syndicate Harry Potter in translation Romance (genre) Charles Dickens Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Agatha Christie Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Fantasy James Bond Neil Gaiman Magical objects in Harry Potter History of modern literature Cinema of the United Kingdom Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) The Chronicles of Narnia Harry Potter (character) Airport novel Manga H. G. Wells Death Eater GoldenEye Harry Potter: Book Seven Ginny Weasley Hogwarts Terry Pratchett Mystery fiction Hermione Granger Human sexual behavior Kim Stanley Robinson Arthur Machen History of As the World Turns (2000-present) William Shakespeare Ellery Queen American comic book The Foundation Series New York Giants Gothic novel Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Japanese literature Turner syndrome Ron Weasley The Three Musketeers Alveolar trill Sadism and masochism in fiction Sonic the Hedgehog James Fenimore Cooper Harry Potter fandom Tsui Hark Detective fiction Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Kurt Cobain Walter J. Ong Lin Carter Steven Brust Victorian literature Sadism and masochism St. John's College, U. S. Dates in Harry Potter Scooby-Doo Guiding Light The Dark Knight Returns Atlas Comics (1950s) Emilio Salgari Big Read Uncle Tom's Cabin Final Fantasy IX Daredevil Joker (comics) Canon (fiction) Fictional character Sports Illustrated Lauren Bacall Victor Hugo House of Leaves Neville Longbottom Days of our Lives Choose Your Own Adventure The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Comic book Minor Harry Potter Beasts 