harry potter why spoil it i feel that it isn't very fare to some of the fans that haven't had a chance read the new book yet that some people find it funny to tell us what has happened in the book my son was really looking forward to reading it only to be told by his friends what has happened we all want to know what but isn't it a bit selfish of others to tell you what has happened who agree's brilliant q and a all in one i agree totally just goes to show all the people that answered your q' are the good guys that deserve smiles in life as for the tale tits well sad eh i think they just need the attention i would rather the positive than negative attention Shaggy dog story Theory of conduct Hermione Granger Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Ron Weasley Social rule Friends Undergrads I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix James and Lily Potter Prince Edmund (Blackadder) We'll Always Have Paris (TNG episode) Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Ginny Weasley Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Transactional analysis Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) True Crime: Streets of LA Harry Potter Canon (fiction) Cliff Richard Happiness George Costanza Kodocha Spoiler (media) Futurama (TV series - season 5) Pitaten Kender Harry Potter (character) Butters Stotch Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Joy Electric Pok__mon Live! Literature Karma Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince The Foundation Series Anne Rice Goodness and value theory Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Milton H. Erickson Sant Thakar Singh David Brent J. K. Rowling Shadow the Hedgehog Gryffindors in Harry Potter's year Seinfeld Sinfest Socrates Avenue Q Scenes from a Memory Humphrey Bogart Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Beauty and the Beast (1991 film) C. S. Lewis Philosophical skepticism Ex-gay Good Morning, Vietnam Mojave people Kill Uncle Draco Malfoy M*A*S*H (TV series) Red Dwarf Chicago Cubs Care Bears Dates in Harry Potter Piccolo Junior Saga Bernard Williams J. R. R. Tolkien Kimi Finster What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film) Have I Got News For You About a Boy Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) The Smoking Room Simone Weil A Course In Miracles AFI 100 Years series Nico Robin Hiberno-English Harry Potter: Book Seven Spider-Man Cenodoxus Teen Girl Squad Kurt Cobain The Devil Wears Prada Minor Slytherins Randi Rhodes John the Baptist The Silence of the Lambs Objectivist philosophy Babe Ruth's Called Shot Incarnations of Immortality Singlish Ron and Fez Bat Lash The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Late Night with Conan O'Brien 