what does this dream mean in my dream my father died suddenly and my family was crying like crazy i would constantly see his ghost in my dream and it seemed like he was real until he just disappeared it was scary and all so real what does it mean it means that you would hate to lose him The Amber Spyglass Knots Landing Squidward Tentacles The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) Phoebe Buffay's songs Jacob Jecht Parsifal Miss Saigon Beauty and the Beast (1991 film) Gollum Episodes of Lost (Season 2) Joseph (Hebrew Bible) The Secret of NIMH Fritz Leiber The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Springfield Elementary School Prank flash Timeline of alternative rock One Tree Hill (TV series) Laguna Loire John Berryman The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Lucid dreaming Kenny McCormick Scary Movie 2 W.I.T.C.H. Flanders family Otello Invader Zim Shaggy dog story Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Dream Hide and Q (TNG episode) Kill Bill The Lovely Bones Out-of-body experience PANICS Obi-Wan Kenobi Kimi Finster Hip hop collaborations D.N. Angel Leslie Cheung Who Shot Mr. Burns? Nightmares (Buffy episode) Kodocha Jeff Buckley Spy Kids Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? YuYu Hakusho The Shining (film) The Venture Bros. Golda Meir Wil Wheaton Twisted Metal Pitaten Gosei Sentai Dairanger Scryed Red Vs. Blue episode guide: Season 2 Super Mario Bros. 2 Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Deus ex machina Spider-Man 2 Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening Married... with Children Van Houten family Panic attack Jon Secada Karen Horney Force (Star Wars) Matsu (goddess) Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Trent Reznor Treehouse of Horror II Dream Syndicate American Pie (song) Field of Dreams Denji Sentai Mega Ranger Charmed The Subtle Knife Mulholland Drive (film) Family Guy Three Stooges Dead Like Me The Proud Family The Dukes of Hazzard Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Eddie Guerrero The Invisibles Spira Dream Team Greg Valentine Single certification Martian Successor Nadesico Mickey Mouse Nas (rapper) L'Arc-en-Ciel Knott's Berry Farm 