can dreams really come true i've had several dreams where there's a fire somewhere and i'm frightened to death that it would burn down my house usually my family and i would rush to pack our things to get out quickly well a few days ago there was actually a fire that sparked up a mile away from where i live and i was really freaked by it another dream i had was that someone had bought something for and when i woke up my mother had come back from the store and said that something i don't remember what it was cost it was weird also i had a dream about terrorists dropping bombs from helicopters and airplanes they all had little parachutes onto my hometown and blowing things up then that pipe bursting in new york thing happened is it all just a coincidence when i was a little little kid back in the early s i had a dream about the super mario brother's video game years before it hit the market the dream was actually about the donkeykong video game only there were many levels with secret passage ways etc etc years later when they came out with supermario which was based on donkeykong on much more complex in case you weren't around in the golden age of video games no one believed me about the dream the downfalls of psychic power is that you usually don't receive information that will help you in your life and that everyone is skeptical and not likely to believe you i don't even believe people when they talk about supernatural things and i've had a lot of supernatural things happen to me Mario The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Supernatural Out-of-body experience Link (Legend of Zelda) Super Mario Bros. 3 The Invisibles Philosophical skepticism Computer and video games Knots Landing Transformers: Cybertron Blood (computer game) Conker's Bad Fur Day Koopa Troopa Syphon Filter Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Super Mario Bros. television series Dream Sega Saturn W.I.T.C.H. Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Super Mario 128 Super Mario Bros. Mario Bros. Jon Secada Bubble Bobble Super Mario 64 GoldenEye 007 EastEnders Samus Aran The Life and Times of Juniper Lee The Amber Spyglass Scooby-Doo G.I. Joe Philip K. Dick Wario Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Sega Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario Bros. 2 Sonic the Hedgehog Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Cleveland Browns Nintendo Nintendo Power Columbine High School massacre MC Hammer God Emperor of Dune The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Max Payne Anderson Cooper The Shining (film) Escape from New York 2003 Invasion of Iraq RuneScape quests Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory Super Nintendo Entertainment System Super Mario World The Inside Kirby's Adventure Miracleman Discordianism Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2 Super Mario remake series Theory of conduct Three Stooges Goomba Worms weapons and tools Survivor (novel) Characters of The Sandman Bowser Homestar Runner Paul W. S. Anderson American Pie (song) Diablo II Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters RuneScape weapons The Curse of Fenric Aerosmith Cliff Richard Shadow the Hedgehog Super Smash Bros. Melee Computer and video game genres Fable (video game) Two-stroke cycle History of computer and video games Lucid dreaming Unconscious mind Items in the Metroid series Charmed Motion picture rating system Donald Rumsfeld Marilyn Monroe Grand Theft Auto III 