ok if you were out of school a long time would u go bakk or what i think it depends on the person himself do i want to go back or not why should i go back what benefits do i garner from going back what makes me want to turn back after leaving school for so long will i back out again these are several questions you can ask yourself you have to make the decision yourself resolve your inner problems or you'll just end up doing the same thing again personal opinion is listed here hope it helps Regents of the University of California v. Bakke Equal Protection Clause Stomach cancer Grutter v. Bollinger Ethics Lawrence v. Texas Value system Affirmative action Decision making Altruism Buddhist philosophy Landmark decision Ruth Bader Ginsburg Current teachings of Prem Rawat Domain Name System Anarchism and society Consensus decision-making Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Expert system Legal aspects of transsexualism U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Trade union Epistemology Theodicy Abortion debate Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution School of Salamanca Erie doctrine Lewis Franklin Powell, Jr. Appeal Free will Social rule 1957 World Series Coming of Age (TNG episode) West Indian cricket team Prostate cancer 2005 United States Grand Prix Theory of conduct Past teachings of Prem Rawat John Paul Stevens Contract Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism One Tree Hill (TV series) Cleveland Browns Internet troll U.S. Electoral College Meaning Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Leeds United F.C. Civil rights Trust (Law) USA Separation of church and state in the United States Homophobia Big Brother (USA TV series) Social psychology Operation Market Garden Assassination International Court of Justice Arbitration Fair use Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc. Consensus Aphasia Foreign policy of Japan Sydney Riot of 1879 Peter Shilton Contredanse Statistical survey Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Appeasement Chiropractic Economics Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Social justice Blackburn Rovers F.C. Capitalism Breastfeeding Lincoln-Douglas Debate Complexity classes P and NP Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins Hash table Roe v. Wade Transsexuality Leviathan (book) Judicial activism Byron White Bayes' theorem Indira Gandhi Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game Bush v. Gore Identity and change Battle of the Bulge Microeconomics Falsifiability Textile manufacturing Supreme Court of the United States Computational complexity theory Same-sex marriage in New York 