is this a fair deal ok so i'm too young to get a job so i'm gonna do some chores arond the house i'm eleven years old this is my sister's acount and my mom is gonna pay me for chores that i will do one is to do a load of laundry the other is to wash disshes and the oher is to make her some tea and my dad is gonna pay me one additional dollar for my allowance so i'll make a day and if i do everything it'll be a week but if i don't do one then they take away one buck so is this a fair deal for an eleven year old yes the chores given are very easy i wish i could get paid to do that kind of stuff i guess having your own place has it's downside Jack Buck Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner? Calvin and Hobbes Satchel Paige The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Game show AFI 100 Years series Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious Hip hop collaborations The Ashlee Simpson Show Evan Mecham Cruising (maritime) Laundry Pyramid (game show) Time Out of Mind Laundry detergent Henry Ford Baccarat Mind Over Murder Advance fee fraud Queen (band) The Supremes Rich Mullins Oh My Goddess! Little Big Mom Cartman Joins NAMBLA Kurt Cobain Wheel of Fortune The Inside Mr. and Mrs. Turner Sumo Cricket Big Brother (Australian TV series) The Adventures of Pete & Pete Futurama (TV series - season 1) Illegal drug trade Rocko's Modern Life Caddy Ken Jennings Blackjack Parasite singles Another Side of Bob Dylan Kimi Finster Hey Arnold! Major League Baseball television contracts Fat Man and Little Boy (Simpsons) Dogville Billboard Hot 100 Final Fantasy XI Rush Limbaugh Frankie Laine Cincinnati Bengals Vista Way Craps Fred Phelps Washing machine Russian joke Poker jargon James T. Aubrey, Jr. Kyle Broflovski Self Portrait LaToya Jackson Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Lorelai Gilmore Monday Night Football Alex Ferguson Laws of cricket The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan CPU cache Grandview, U.S.A. 50 Cent The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie The Midnight Sun Love and Theft I'm Gonna Make You Love Me Year of the Spider Kim Possible: So the Drama Sleeping with the Enemy (Simpsons episode) Billy the Kid Copyright law of the United Kingdom W. C. Handy The Apprentice 2 Social rule Ernie Irvan Douglas Adams Michelle Tanner $ale of the Century Knots Landing ITunes Music Store I Am Furious Yellow In Living Color Homerpalooza Empire Burlesque Insane Clown Poppy The Marshall Mathers LP Steve Reich USS Woodbury (DD-309) Michael Schumacher The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe 