is anyone else watching the dc united new england revolution game how great was gros's goal and emilio's follow up i think dc has a real chance against la tomorrow i watched it and i'm very happy that i was able to see the game dc united won and played great gros' goal was not spectacular but it was a great goal and i'm proud of him for getting that goal which is his first goal of the season emilio also played great and his goals were also great this victory shows just how much depth dc's roster has because they won without gomez and fred playing and with only a little help from an injured moreno who had limited playing time because of his injuries perkins also played great and i can't forget to mention that either they all played great in that game i was expecting more from new england but dc united just dominated them way to go dc united English cricket team FA Cup Toronto Blue Jays Major League Soccer David Beckham Sheffield United F.C. Denis Law Buffalo Bills San Francisco 49ers New York Knicks New York Giants Norway national football team Peter Shilton New England Patriots Baltimore Ravens The Ashes Cleveland Browns Michael Owen Orlando Magic International cricket in 2005 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Alex Ferguson Super Bowl Paul Gascoigne The Football League Los Angeles Kings New York Jets Pittsburgh Steelers Detroit Red Wings Ice hockey National Football League Lore Football (soccer) Football records in England Super Bowl XXV 2005 English cricket season Kansas City Chiefs New Jersey Nets Steve Coppell Chicago Cubs Essendon Football Club Major League Soccer 2004 Season Bobby Charlton Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Chicago White Sox Super Bowl XXXIV Super Bowl XXVI Hartford Whalers History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) NBA Finals Cincinnati Bengals Super Bowl X Manchester United F.C. Carolina Panthers 2003-04 NHL season Ole Gunnar Solskj__r Club Am__rica Teddy Sheringham Alan Shearer D.C. United Eddie Pope Football World Cup 1990 Bryan Robson Super Bowl XIV New York Rangers St. Louis Rams Mario Lemieux Frank Lampard Andre Agassi History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Boston Red Sox Manchester United 1986-1999 Miami Dolphins Gordon Banks Manchester United 1945-1969 Chicago Blackhawks Super Bowl V 1957 World Series 2004-05 NHL lockout Australian rules football Hyde United F.C. Paul Mariner Gary Stevens Super Bowl XI The Mighty Ducks (movies) Emilio Aguinaldo British Home Championship F.C. United of Manchester Chicago Bulls World Series Kansas City Wizards R.S.C. Anderlecht Torquay United F.C. Ruud van Nistelrooy Jack Charlton Marco van Basten Tranmere Rovers F.C. Atlanta Flames Montreal Canadiens Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Super Bowl IX 