i'm trying to find a poem by christin o'keefe aptowicz does anyone know it hi the particular poem i am looking for is called ode to the person who stole my family's lawn gnome by cristin o'keefe aptowicz i read this poem during a high school poetry competition and we my coach and i could never find the title to it i recently found out the title but now i can't find the poem itself my local bookstore does not carry the book that it's published in either the book is called dear future boyfriend this is what i sound like by cristin o'keefe aptowicz if anyone knows what poem i'm talking about and can actually post it for me or give me a link to a website that has it posted that would be a big help i would like for my younger sister to be able to read this poem when she's able to enter the poetry reading competitions it was really funny and some of my friends from high school still ask me about it and ask for copies of it thank you all in advance for any help ya'll can offer here is a link to her site she has all her books listed here as well as a personal e mail i'm sure she'd be able to help you out dear future boyfriend is available for purchase at the second link i'm giving Robert Graves Emily Dickinson The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) The Waste Land Textbook Slam poetry Alfred Tennyson, 1st Baron Tennyson Frank O'Hara Percy Bysshe Shelley Anglo-Saxon literature Literature Brian Jones (musician) W. H. Auden Leonard Cohen William Carlos Williams James Joyce Beat generation Rudyard Kipling I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Pavel Jozef __af__rik Newspaper Eli Siegel Allen Ginsberg TLC Boston Public Julia A. Moore RuneScape quests Michael Drayton William Wordsworth Imagism United States Postal Service Robert Gould Louis MacNeice Poetry Thomas M. Disch British Poetry Revival Gary Snyder Make money fast Philip Larkin Manga George Oppen Madeleine L'Engle Animal Crossing Erotic literature Michael Bruce Anna Akhmatova John Keats Olivia Newton-John Wendy Cope Richard Aldington Amazon.com Gnome James Merrill Sears Holdings Corporation Beowulf Waka Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Phoebe Halliwell E. E. Cummings Usenet Samuel Taylor Coleridge Catullus Book J. R. R. Tolkien C__dmon Internet fraud Alice Liddell Guy Davenport Megan Griffin Alfred Edward Housman Pierre de Ronsard Tektite Shi Jing Kodocha Self-publishing Objectivist poets Lyric poetry Seamus Heaney Edith Sitwell Lost in Translation (poem) Palanca Awards William Blake Ern Malley Irish poetry The McGuire Sisters W. S. Merwin Clark Ashton Smith Harry Potter Blog The Faerie Queene Shakespeare's sonnets John Berryman Charmed The Dunciad X Window System Doug Gifted Education Programme (Singapore) 