what do you think of my poetry i would post some on here but that takes too long so to make it easier check out my poetry on http out on a limb deviantart com helpful inspiring opinions only please and if you have an account feel free to comment the poetry on da instead of here i'd love to here what you think everything on there ranges from years ago to days ago and some are better than others i haven't had the chance to edit some of it fully so i apologize about the quality any suggestions do you like it i read you poem drenched and there is some really good stuff there deep and thought provoking i will share with you what my creative writing professor told me remember poetry is as much if not more about meter rhythm as it is about rhyme simply just because you are writing a poem doesn't mean it has to rhyme alliteration assonance and off rhyme schemes will really open up more of the language available to you but you're on it doggone it keep writing keep digging into the well of the human soul if i read correctly you are only so life has a myriad of experiences that have yet to be revealed to you to draw from in which to write about and you are well on your way good job and keep writing poetry is a far too unappreciated art in today's world Poetry Rhyme Alliterative verse Literature Time Out of Mind Rapping English poetry Poetry of the United States John Berryman Meter (poetry) E. E. Cummings The Raven Japanese poetry Lyric poetry Beowulf Prose Irish poetry Emily Dickinson Walt Whitman DeviantART Walter J. Ong Imagism Alternative hip hop Limerick (poetry) Yehuda Halevi Past teachings of Prem Rawat Arabic poetry Kylie Minogue Medieval poetry Performance poetry English literature Robert Creeley The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) John Dryden Sant Mat Waka Geoffrey Chaucer J. R. R. Tolkien C. S. Lewis D. H. Lawrence Aristotle Adam Mickiewicz Ezra Pound Eli Siegel Harold Bloom Hip hop music Alliteration Haiku Theory of conduct Ancient Greek literature Medieval French literature Surrealist techniques Ern Malley Simone Weil Scenes from a Memory William Butler Yeats Beat generation Dream Plame affair Eugene Onegin William Carlos Williams Iliad Internet troll C__dmon Victor Hugo French Renaissance literature Shakespeare's sonnets Kenneth Koch George Oppen Sir Gawain and the Green Knight Martin Heidegger Dmitri Shostakovich John Cage Rudolf Steiner Homunculi of Fullmetal Alchemist Qur'an Sri Aurobindo Ghazal Hymn Abortion debate Modernist poetry in English The Amber Spyglass Song Anglo-Saxon literature Yoga Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Objectivist poets Richard Eberhart Phoebe Halliwell H.D. Dr. Seuss Blog Hey Jude Aesthetic Realism Ira Gershwin 