i don't really understand poetry weird i know help well i love poetry with deep meaning and usually i like it better if it rhymes but then there are some people who don't like when poetry rhymes since most good poems don't is there a certain way to write poems or does it really all just come down to a bunch of phrases with meaning of course i just don't really get how you write a poem i've never bought that baloney that good poetry doesn't rhyme read christina rossetti's goblin market and tell me that's no good it is so good in fact that although it was composed in as a children's story it was published in playboy magazine a century later and is still a topic of heated discussion today i actually prefer poetry that rhymes has a rhythm to it and tells a story or has such powerful imagery that you see and smell and taste what the author was imagining to me being able to convey a message is good but rising to the challenge of making it rhyme and have rhythm is even better Poetry Literature Novel Christina Rossetti Imagism English poetry Rapping Japanese poetry Time Out of Mind Dr. Seuss Medieval French literature Lyric poetry Sonnet Haiku Eugene Onegin Robert Creeley Beowulf Rhyme Arabic poetry Irish poetry "Weird Al" Yankovic Arabic literature Rudyard Kipling Samuel Taylor Coleridge John Berryman Shit Thomas M. Disch Waka Four Quartets Emily Dickinson Meter (poetry) Deconstruction E. E. Cummings James Henry Leigh Hunt Gary Snyder Cockney rhyming slang Chinese language English literature Biblical poetry British literature Prose Short story The Raven History of modern literature Alliterative verse Medieval poetry Miguel de Cervantes Richard Aldington Limerick (poetry) Storytelling Another Side of Bob Dylan Song Clark Ashton Smith Infidels Science fiction The Hobbit Japanese literature The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Robert Burns Eli Siegel Percy Bysshe Shelley Ira Gershwin Iliad Algernon Swinburne Poetry of the United States Aesthetic Realism Beat generation French literature of the 17th century Chinese art British Poetry Revival Pierre de Ronsard Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Concrete poetry French poetry Thomas Hardy J. R. R. Tolkien Modernist poetry in English Arthur Machen Aristotle Theory of conduct C. S. Lewis Victorian literature Ballad Restoration literature Anglo-Saxon literature Objectivist poets Ern Malley T. S. Eliot Dante Gabriel Rossetti Michael Drayton Medieval Welsh literature Supply and demand The Hunting of the Snark Groo the Wanderer Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood L. Frank Baum H.D. Ghazal Lewis Carroll Classical Chinese 