would you rather have sidney crosby for years or pavel datsyuk for years sidney crosby has a year million deal while datsyuk has a year million deal who would you rather have with those contracts crosby has a year million season deal and datsyuk has a year million season deal with those contracts who would you rather have my bad second one about the contracts is right crosby makes mill a season not i will put it in perspective for all you crosby fans yes he is the future and yes he is the one of the top players in the league today but look at it this way i would have to say datsyuk he is looking at about mill a year and crosby is looking at about mill a year yes i think crosby will put up more points if you look at there stats from last year your looking at point difference but with the extra mill a year your looking to sign another great player that could put up at least point a year with that i think both players would put up more points then crosby so i say datsyuk Pavel Datsyuk 2004-05 NHL lockout Detroit Red Wings Henrik Zetterberg Sidney Crosby Oakland Athletics Wayne Gretzky Los Angeles Clippers Pittsburgh Penguins Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Mario Lemieux Alex Rodriguez Toronto Raptors Bing Crosby Bobby Crosby Toronto Blue Jays National Football League New York Knicks Kobe Bryant Nottingham Forest F.C. Alex Ferguson Sammy Sosa Carolina Panthers National Hockey League Boston Bruins SM-liiga Major League Baseball television contracts 2004-05 in English football 1981 baseball strike Dikembe Mutombo Major League Baseball Michael Owen Torquay United F.C. Barry Bonds Minnesota Timberwolves Babe Ruth Chelsea F.C. Minor league baseball Yao Ming Continental Basketball Association Major League Soccer Steve Nash Terrell Owens FC Barcelona Salary cap American Football League Newcastle United F.C. Arsenal F.C. David Beckham Contract bridge Sunderland A.F.C. Roger Clemens 1994 baseball strike Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Robin Ventura Pittsburgh Pirates Vancouver Canucks New York Giants Peter Forsberg Scuderia Ferrari Chicago Bulls FC Rostov Indiana Pacers National Basketball Association Pittsburgh Steelers MLB on FOX Leeds United F.C. Association of Tennis Professionals New Mexico Lobo Basketball Paul Ince Jeff Kent San Antonio Spurs Detroit Tigers Chicago White Sox Scott Boras Hamilton Tigers Teddy Sheringham Alexander Ovechkin Negro league baseball W. G. Grace Essendon Football Club Denis Law Playoff Texas Rangers (baseball) Fulham F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. 2005 Memorial Cup Manchester United F.C. Topps Baseball Stars The Football League Viv Anderson USS Crosby (DD-164) Wayne Rooney Carlos Beltr__n Los Angeles Kings Blackburn Rovers F.C. Ichiro Suzuki 