Effects of hyperthyroidism on rat liver glutathione metabolism: related enzymes' activities, efflux, and turnover.
 The effect of hyperthyroidism on liver glutathione (GSH) metabolism was studied in fed rats after the administration of 0.1 mg T3/kg body wt, for 1-3 consecutive days.
 T3-calorigenesis resulted in elevated rates of O2 consumption by the liver, together with higher lipid peroxidative processes and GSH depletion, compared to the euthyroid state.
 The study of the enzymes related to GSH metabolism revealed no significant changes in the activity of glutathione peroxidase and glutathione reductase, with decreases (27-41%) in the activity of glutathione-S-transferases and marked elevation (133%) in that of gamma-glutamyl transferase, 3 days after T3 treatment.
 At this experimental time, the activity of the NADPH generating enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase was enhanced by 84% in the liver of T3-treated rats, compared to that in the controls.
 In these conditions, the canalicular efflux of GSH was not altered by T3, whereas net and fractional rates of sinusoidal GSH efflux were enhanced by 86% and 288%, respectively.
 The latter effect of hyperthyroidism was found in parallel with an enhancement in sinusoidal lactate dehydrogenase and protein release, suggesting that loss of GSH might be related to a permeabilization of the hepatocyte plasma membrane.
 Liver GSH turnover assessed after a pulse of [35S]cysteine resulted in a 209% increase in the fractional turnover rate in hyperthyroid rats over controls, under steady state conditions for both hepatic GSH pools, leading to a 62% enhancement in the respective turnover flux.
 Data suggest that the elevation in the sinusoidal GSH efflux from the liver and in the hepatic capacity to degrade the tripeptide are major mechanisms leading to GSH depletion in the liver of T3-treated rats.
 As the increased GSH use is not balanced by the elevation in GSH synthesis, a lower steady state level of GSH is attained in the liver.
