do you think dean laidley should re appointed as coach of north melbourne i do i think he has done a great job in his time with the kangaroo's especially this season people especially the media and the so called experts just keep putting dean and the kangaroo's down i think wayne carey now has foot and mouth desease for his comments at the beginning of the season yes wayne carey is a bit of a tool isnt he the kangas would be mad if they didnt re appoint laidley he has done a great job the players like him and they are second on the ladder plus there will be clubs looking for a new coach next year and i dont think clubs with a decent coach like laidley will be letting them go i never listen to the so called experts they had the roos as red hot wooden spoon favourites although maybe this was a ploy from the bookies to make some cash the best pre season advice i had was from crows fans i know in sa who said that port would be good this year Essendon Football Club Kangaroos Football Club Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Nottingham Forest F.C. Everton F.C. Carlton Football Club Melbourne Football Club Fitzroy Football Club Wayne Gretzky Sydney Swans Perth Glory South Australian National Football League Manchester United F.C. Carolina Panthers New York Knicks New York Rangers Portsmouth F.C. Alex Ferguson Los Angeles Clippers Australian Football League Cronulla Sharks 1992-93 NHL season Brisbane Bears Kangaroo Aston Villa F.C. Notts County F.C. Norwich City F.C. Australian national rugby league team Arizona State University Collingwood Football Club British Columbia Lions Adelaide Crows Jennifer Lopez Torquay United F.C. Canterbury Bulldogs Montreal Canadiens Leeds United F.C. Reggie Jackson Scotland national rugby union team Richmond Football Club Yao Ming John Calipari Hero (Mariah Carey song) Martin Pike Whose Line Is It Anyway? R.S.C. Anderlecht St. Louis Blues (hockey) Sturt Football Club Crystal Palace F.C. Wimbledon F.C. Toronto Raptors Troms__ I.L. NBA Finals Tampa Bay Buccaneers Sheffield United F.C. Steve McManaman Baseball S.League Harry Redknapp Pittsburgh Steelers Los Angeles Kings History of Adelaide Blackburn Rovers F.C. Pittsburgh Penguins National Football League Australian rules football Watford F.C. Penrith Panthers Pump It Up Marshall University Baseball Stars In The Groove (game) Florida Marlins Victorian Football League Clemson University Roger Federer 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand The Emancipation of Mimi New York Giants Satchel Paige Celtic F.C. New Zealand Warriors Alan Shearer 2004-05 in English football Wayne Rooney Philadelphia 76ers Columbo Adelaide United FC Love Takes Time Loverboy (Mariah Carey song) Melbourne Storm Boston Bruins Emotions (album) West Bromwich Albion F.C. Jumping the shark Dean Richards Brownlow Medal Continental Basketball Association 