so who wants to be my darkl rd fq who will win the european championship next year i meant the national cup not the one for clubs ec why would i want anyone who is sane hehe i think it will be italia by the way just in case you didn't know ec well that just takes all of the fun out of the relationship hehe when you have made your choice the king would be pleased to officiate at the ceremony Internazionale Football World Cup 1990 UEFA Champions League Peter Shilton Juventus F.C. FC Barcelona Troms__ I.L. Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Sven-G__ran Eriksson Football in Italy Michael Owen Futebol Clube do Porto Norway national football team UEFA Jack Charlton Rugby union AEK Athens FC Real Madrid Nick Faldo Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras Football World Cup Lancashire County Cricket Club in 2005 Alex Ferguson Teddy Sheringham PGA European Tour Maccabi Haifa F.C. Alessandro Nesta Alan Hansen Dino Zoff Lee Dixon Leeds United F.C. May 2005 in sports International League IFK G__teborg Paolo Maldini FA Cup David Beckham R.S.C. Anderlecht Eus__bio da Silva Ferreira Insanity defense British Home Championship England national football team Bundesliga (football) Club Am__rica Manchester United F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Derby County F.C. Viv Anderson Diana Ziliute Sport in Ireland Trevor Francis Nottingham Forest F.C. FA Premier League David Vernon Watson ACF Fiorentina Football in Sweden Kenny Dalglish Gerd M__ller Brazil national football team Netherlands national football team FK Austria Wien Bryan Robson NEXTEL Cup Football (soccer) S.K. Brann All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Italy national rugby union team England national rugby union team FIFA The Open Championship Gabriel Batistuta PFC Levski Sofia Aston Villa F.C. Frank Lampard Ian Woosnam Sumo Queens Park Rangers F.C. Trabzonspor Guinness Premiership Heineken Cup Playoff Kevin Keegan Zin__dine Zidane Ice Hockey World Championships Steve Coppell Diego Maradona Jack Nicklaus Serie A Graeme Souness Football in the United Kingdom The Football League Roger Federer League Cup Aberdeen F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. FC Rostov European/South American Cup Johnny Giles Surrey County Cricket Club in 2005 