is it just me or is there a lot of top contributors in football section facial the m j touzours frihah enfant lovely rockabill normg rafael probebly more im not saying that i should be tc actully i am saying that hm i do that though my men i wont be here for the battle hope use win though marky it's just an orange bad i know you are waaaay smarter than many of the people here go arsenal lol Real Madrid LOL (Internet slang) Arsenal F.C. The Cure Biz Markie FA Premier League 2003-04 Super Bowl XXIII England national football team The Football League Norway national football team FA Cup Nottingham Forest F.C. Manchester United F.C. Alex Ferguson Rafael Nadal Dennis Bergkamp Good Vibrations Queens Park Rangers F.C. Manchester City F.C. FA Premier League Thierry Henry Orange Order Ajax Amsterdam 2005-06 in English football Children of Paradise Atomic Kitten History of Arsenal F.C. Ian Wright Hair John Arne Riise Waking the Dragons Lee Dixon Robert Pir__s Chelsea F.C. Football records in England 2004-05 in English football 10cc FA Premier League 2002-03 Arsenal Stadium West Bromwich Albion F.C. Battle of Highbury Everton F.C. Claudio Ranieri Netherlands national football team Southern Football League Sol Campbell UEFA Champions League Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics Ray Harford Kevin Campbell (footballer) Super Bowl XIII Venezuela national football team Mexico national football team Pump It Up B3ta Sports timeline Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. David O'Leary FA Premier League 1992-93 Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics August 2005 in sports Southampton F.C. Battle of Chancellorsville Arsenal F.C. statistics North London derby Villain Super Bowl XIV Cleveland Browns Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim FA Premier League 1997-98 FA Premier League 2004-05 Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas Sheffield United F.C. Facial expression Manchester United 1986-1999 L'Enfant Plaza (Washington Metro) Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Sampling (music) 2000 Australian Grand Prix Joe Namath Luton Town F.C. George Graham (footballer) Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal Valencia CF Herbert Chapman Newcastle United F.C. Fulham F.C. Bowl Championship Series Liverpool F.C. Alan Ball (footballer) Justification (theology) The Damned Aston Villa F.C. Solidus Snake Ars__ne Wenger 2003-04 in English football Celtic F.C. 