does lippi know anything about football if you don't believe me that barca is the best then you should listen to him http www goal com en articolo aspx contenutoid i don't see anything about milan lippi knows what he is talking about it was nice to read his thoughts interesting gave a little insight into players he thinks are good footballers and quaresma sure has a fan in lippi Roberto Baggio Italy national football team Robbie Keane Hip hop music Futebol Clube do Porto Ricardo Quaresma Liverpool F.C. Juventus F.C. FC Barcelona American football Milan Aston Villa F.C. Extreme Programming Baseball Deco Sandro Botticelli New York Giants Everton F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Real Madrid Alessandro Del Piero A.C. Milan Leeds United F.C. Internazionale Football (soccer) Buffalo Bills The Football League Roxette Sevilla FC Celtic F.C. Football chant Aberdeen F.C. HyperText Transfer Protocol Theory of conduct Wimbledon F.C. Philosophy of language Fluminense Football Club Slashdot subculture Major League Baseball television contracts American Football League Milan Baro__ Daws Butler Frank Rijkaard Marco van Basten England national football team Andriy Shevchenko Football culture WFAN (AM) Noam Chomsky Steve McManaman Chess strategy and tactics AFC Wimbledon Ali Daei Portugal national football team Perth Glory Sinfest Manchester United F.C. Football (soccer) positions Club Am__rica Australian rules football Football World Cup Rangers F.C. World Wide Web The nature of God in Western theology Steve Perry (musician) Current teachings of Prem Rawat Hellas Verona F.C. David Hume Ipswich Town F.C. Dennis Bergkamp Cliff Richard Queens Park Rangers F.C. Miami Dolphins Robert Browning Ronaldo R.S.C. Anderlecht Hat-trick Pittsburgh Steelers Estudiantes de La Plata Communication skill Filippino Lippi Denis Law Alex Ferguson Maccabi Haifa F.C. Ron and Fez Brazil national football team Be__ikta__ Jimnastik Kul__b__ Philosophy Forfar Athletic F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. European Footballer of the Year Jaap Stam Emile Heskey Joe Jordan (footballer) Filippo Lippi Cleveland Browns The Beach Boys 