best and worst champions league final what is the final you enjoyed watching the most on the other side what's the worst final you ever saw as strange as it might seam one of the final i enjoyed the most was the final between ac milan and juventus why it was some kind of boring no goals except for the one they 'took' away from milan but i simply lived every second of it and at the and i had a huge surprise from dida the worst for me is this year final ac milan liverpool because none of the teams were playing football milan was pathetic and liverpool wasn't even there UEFA Champions League Andriy Shevchenko Futebol Clube do Porto Alex Ferguson Juventus F.C. Celtic F.C. Internazionale Kenny Dalglish Xabi Alonso Liverpool F.C. Real Madrid Aston Villa F.C. Roberto Baggio Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Everton F.C. Steve McManaman The Football League Milan Baro__ John Arne Riise FA Cup Jari Litmanen Notts County F.C. Serie A John Aldridge Stadio Giuseppe Meazza FA Premier League 1995-96 Rangers F.C. Michael Owen April 2005 in sports Hellas Verona F.C. RC Strasbourg Italy national football team Steven Gerrard Ronaldo Marco van Basten August 2005 in sports UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Billy Bremner Gianluca Vialli League Cup 2004-05 in English football Football World Cup 1990 Kak__ European Footballer of the Year History of Arsenal F.C. September 2004 in sports Hern__n Crespo Phil Neal West Ham United F.C. Football (soccer) Heysel Stadium disaster 2005-06 in English football Bundesliga (football) England national football team FA Premier League Manchester United F.C. Giants Stadium Alan Hansen Jock Stein FC Rostov Jack Charlton FA Premier League 2002-03 Leeds United F.C. Norwegian Premier League Patrick Kluivert R.S.C. Anderlecht Dida Playoff Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Ian Rush Kevin Keegan Manchester United 1986-1999 Paolo Maldini Manchester City F.C. Bryan Robson Patrick Vieira San Francisco 49ers Gabriel Batistuta Des Walker Gianni Rivera Igor Bi____an Nottingham Forest F.C. Cruzeiro Esporte Clube Sunderland A.F.C. November 2004 in sports Norway national football team National Football League Frank Rijkaard Tottenham Hotspur F.C. New York Giants Wimbledon F.C. F.K. Bod__/Glimt Olympique de Marseille Primera Divisi__n Argentina Ipswich Town F.C. Emile Heskey British Home Championship 