fantasy football what position would you draft in the st round nd round rd round example rb qb wr best available don't get hung up on a position by round you'll be suprised how often a really excellent player will slide down the board to you take last year for example everyone was afraid of taking terrell owens based on his suspension in philly he slid all the way down to the fourth round in many leagues a major value as the top td getting wr that said rb is always the wisest move in round one after that pick two will usually be a second tier rb or a top wr if you are in position to take a top qb round three is a good time to pounce before they come off the board palmer brees brady may not last long as a default i also load up on rbs you can never have too many as they always get hurt and you want to have a rb in your w r flex spot with all due respect to the answerer above me the top kicker is never the same year to year last year if you chose to reach early for a previous top kicker in neil rackers ari you were rewarded with one of the worst kickers in fantasy while largely undrafted robbie gould went nuts kickers are easily replaced if you draft a crummy one late don't neglect value elsewhere for a kicker New England Patriots San Francisco 49ers New York Jets NFL Draft New York Giants Miami Dolphins National Football League Lore September 2005 in sports Poker jargon Buffalo Bills Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Terrell Owens Cleveland Browns NBA Draft Chicago Bulls Super Bowl XXVII New York Knicks West Bromwich Albion F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Baltimore Ravens Los Angeles Clippers Super Bowl XXXVI Alex Ferguson Carolina Panthers Canadian football Norway national football team R.S.C. Anderlecht 2005 NFL season American football Skateboarding trick National Basketball Association Leeds United F.C. Wheel of Fortune Draft (sports) Baseball Philadelphia Phillies San Antonio Spurs Texas hold 'em Super Bowl X Equine conformation International League Jerry Rice Qu__bec Nordiques Violin Major League Baseball Penalty shootout (football) Detroit Tigers Super Bowl XVIII $ale of the Century Super Bowl XIV Wimbledon F.C. Dallas Cowboys Orlando Magic Hank Aaron Celtic F.C. St. Louis Cardinals Oakland Athletics Notts County F.C. Kansas City Chiefs Robin Ventura Blackburn Rovers F.C. Drew Brees Steve McManaman Fantasy football (American) Rugby union Rugby league Toronto Raptors Manchester United F.C. Playoff Sebastian Janikowski American Football League Houston Astros Billboard Hot 100 FA Cup New Mexico Lobo Basketball Pete Rose Leicester City F.C. Super Bowl XXI New York Mets Volleyball World Series 2004-05 in English football Los Angeles Dodgers Newcastle United F.C. Boston Bruins Super Bowl XXXII Super Bowl XXXIX Denver Broncos Philadelphia Eagles Utah Jazz The Football League Jack Charlton Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Super Bowl III Super Bowl IX 