yahoo fantasy football question ok i did the free yahoo fantasy football i joined a public league how many people should i expect to join the league with me i have also joined public leagues in both of those leagues there is a total of teams in it that is a good amount i would be expecting more teams to join with you good luck American football National Football League Football Football Conference The Football League American Football League Sport League Cup Football (soccer) American League Carlisle United F.C. FA Cup Troms__ I.L. Canadian football Ivy League Football League Trophy NFL Europe J. League Arena Football League Major League Soccer Canadian Football League Australian Football League Fantasy baseball Pittsburgh Steelers Rugby league FA Premier League Baseball Football in England World Football League Fabien Barthez South Australian National Football League New York Giants Playoff Ali Daei National League Victorian Football League Australian rules football Fantasy football (American) David Beckham Scottish Football League Rugby union AFC Champions League Professional sports Kansas City Chiefs Football (soccer) positions February 2005 in sports April 2005 in sports Major League Baseball Alex Ferguson Derby County F.C. Guus Hiddink UEFA Champions League Italian football league system Dallas Cowboys Big East Conference Isthmian League Sven-G__ran Eriksson Minor league Sheffield United F.C. Arsenal F.C. 1986 World Series Swansea City A.F.C. New England Patriots Football League of Ireland Port Adelaide Football Club Football in Sweden Arena football Nottingham Forest F.C. Pete Rose Ladies' Gaelic football Jack Charlton F.C. Tokyo United States Football League Scottish Premier League Indoor soccer A-League Atlantic Coast Conference Geelong Football Club College basketball January 2005 in sports 2004-05 in English football Dunstable Town F.C. NFL Draft Norwegian Premier League Perth, Western Australia Monday Night Football Football in the United Kingdom Rugby football The Football Association National League System November 2004 in sports Portsmouth F.C. Gaelic football Club Am__rica Barry Town F.C. Pete Rozelle Cork City F.C. Terrell Owens Notts County F.C. 