Hypophosphatemia and renal tubular dysfunction in alcoholics. Are they related to liver function impairment?
 The study was designed to evaluate (a) the role of reduced renal phosphate reabsorptive capacity assessed as the ratio of maximum capacity for renal phosphate reabsorption (TmPO4) to glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in the pathogenesis of hypophosphatemia in alcoholics, (b) possible mechanisms leading to reduced TmPO4/GFR, and (c) the effect of liver function impairment on TmPO4/GFR.
 The TmPO4/GFR, its major extrarenal determinants, ratios of urinary excretion gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase and of alpha-glucosidase to GFR (uGGT/GFR and uAGL/GFR), indices of structural damage of renal tubular cells, and fractional clearance of lysozyme, an index of proximal renal function, were evaluated in 31 alcoholics with alcohol-related liver disease, 24 alcoholics without alcohol-related liver disease, 14 patients with non-alcohol-related liver disease, and 25 control subjects.
 Hypophosphatemia was found in 35% of alcoholics with alcohol-related liver disease, 29% of alcoholics without alcohol-related liver disease, and no patients with non-alcohol-related liver disease.
 A reduced TmPO4/GFR was the major determinant of hypophosphatemia in both groups of alcoholics.
 No difference in extrarenal determinants of TmPO4/GFR was found between alcoholics with and without hypophosphatemia.
 Alcoholics with and without alcohol-related liver disease had increased uGGT/GFR and normal uAGL/GFR regardless of serum phosphate level.
 Fractional clearance of lysozyme, instead, was increased only in hypophosphatemic alcoholics with and without alcohol-related liver disease.
 The TmPO4/GFR correlated inversely with the fractional clearance of lysozyme in both groups of alcoholics (P less than 0.01).
 The TmPO4/GFR and urinary enzymes were normal in patients with non-alcohol-related liver disease.
 It was concluded that a reduced TmPO4/GFR is involved in the pathogenesis of hypophosphatemia in alcoholics.
 A proximal tubular dysfunction seems to be responsible for the reduced TmPO4/GFR.
 Liver function impairment is not required for the expression of this tubular dysfunction.
