Reoperation for small intestinal obstruction.
 Today, intestinal adhesions represent the most frequent etiology for complete or partial intestinal obstruction.
 Although partial obstruction can be treated nonoperatively with a considerable likelihood of success, intestinal strangulation cannot uniformly be predicted or prevented.
 Complete intestinal obstruction is associated with a significant incidence of strangulation if not treated by a vigorous surgical approach.
 Consequently, complete intestinal obstruction secondary to adhesions is still a surgical disease.
 Attempts at control of the adhesion process include mechanical methods to prevent subsequent obstruction and chemical methods to prevent the adhesion process itself.
 The invasive mechanical methods appear dated.
 A variety of agents have been used either systemically or in the peritoneal cavity to prevent the establishment of intra-abdominal adhesions.
 Agents that do not contribute to subsequent morbidity or impede the native host defense mechanisms should be utilized.
 High-molecular-weight dextran and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents show some promise of being both safe and effective.
 As is frequently the case, the bottom line in preventing and treating intra-abdominal adhesions is appropriate surgical technique.
 Intestinal adhesions can be related clearly to leaving damaged, devitalized, or ischemic tissue in the peritoneal cavity or to excessive roughness in handling of tissues.
 Steps such as avoidance of excessive suture material and unnecessary handling of the bowel will do much to prevent subsequent adhesion generation.
 Likewise, the surgical lysis of intraperitoneal adhesions is frequently fraught with complications such as intra-abdominal abscess or postoperative incisional failure.
 This is again related to surgical technique and most directly to the use of blunt dissection to divide adhesions.
 Knife dissection in the lysis of adhesions is recommended.
 This technique, combined with excellent intraoperative hemostasis, can be associated with a marked diminution in the incidence of postoperative fistulas and abscesses.
