Thin-layer chromatography to monitor cholesterol gallstone dissolution by methyl tert-butyl ether.
 We describe a simple and inexpensive method of monitoring methyl tert-butyl ether (MTBE) dissolution of cholesterol gallstones with thin-layer chromatography (TLC) in 10 patients.
 TLC is a routine semiquantitative laboratory method that can be used to measure the cholesterol concentration present in the MTBE and bile mixture aspirated through the cholecystostomy catheter during gallstone dissolution.
 TLC is practical in the clinical setting because it can be used to determine if gallstone dissolution is occurring and when MTBE lavage is no longer effective.
 TLC is performed in the laboratory with routine material and is completed in 15 min.
 Each TLC measurement costs about $1.
 The procedure provides objective and specific chemical information on effectiveness and progression of gallstone dissolution, apart from the radiologic and sonographic studies.
 In our study, TLC signaled effective dissolution in the initial phase of gallstone dissolution by detecting large amounts of cholesterol in the MTBE and bile mixture even before a visible change in size or shape of the stone became apparent by transcatheter cholecystography or by sonography (six of 10 patients).
 Conversely, lack of cholesterol on TLC after 1 hr or more of MTBE infusion indicates that the stones are pigmented or contain substantial calcium.
 This means that dissolution with MTBE will be ineffective and that solvent infusion should be terminated.
 In those cases in which dissolution is progressing well, when TLC shows decreasing amounts of cholesterol in the effluent, only residual fragments insoluble to MTBE remain or the stone is sequestered from MTBE; at this point, solvent infusion should be discontinued or the catheter must be repositioned.
 Monitoring the rate of cholesterol dissolution by TLC provides important complementary information to cholecystography and sonography during gallstone treatment with MTBE.
