fruits basket manga book i just finished fruits basket book i dont understand part of it though in the middle the shishou comes then kyo gets upset for some reason why does he say there's no friggin way she doesn't really she couldn't really mean this is on pg what does that mean also on pg what does tohru mean when she says does that mean isuzu san and hatsuharu san what does she want to say there thanks for helping im really confused kyo was saying that because he didn't know if tohru loved him or not you know how she yells out in the middle of the play that she would be sad if he locked himself up or something like that so he's confused on if she loves him or not trust me i've read the whole series and with tohru she was wondering if isuzu and hatsuharu were dating because it was being hinted at times toward her Fruits Basket Kyo Sohma Tohru Honda Kisa Sohma Hatsuharu Sohma Isuzu Sohma Yuki Sohma Kyoko Honda Samurai Deeper Kyo Kureno Sohma Initial D Akito Sohma K' Hiro Sohma Trigun Pitaten One Piece minor characters Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Douglas Adams Ultraman Leo Kyo Kusanagi Kodocha Time Out of Mind Negima YuYu Hakusho Jackie Chan Adventures Manga TOKYOPOP Tenchi Muyo! Kyo (musician) Milton H. Erickson Great Teacher Onizuka Kimagure Orange Road Mamoru Chiba D.N. Angel Characters of Megatokyo NBA Finals Ranma __ characters Famous last words San Francisco Giants Princess Tutu Doctor Who (Enemy Within) Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Yui Horie Grandview, U.S.A. World Series The Apprentice 2 Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist The Inside Mirmo! Emanuel Gin__bili God Emperor of Dune Phoebe Halliwell Pok__mon Live! The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) Married... with Children Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Charmed Trailer Park Boys Descendants of Darkness Trapped in the Closet Beauty and the Beast (1991 film) Jumpstart 3rd Grade James Bond Honey and Clover Coming of Age (TNG episode) The Ashlee Simpson Show Good Times Jack Kerouac Atomic Kitten Setsuna Meioh Detroit Tigers Major League Baseball television contracts Piccolo Junior Saga Revolutionary Girl Utena Scenes from a Memory Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Harry Potter Roxette The Smoking Room Paul Is Dead Ury__ Ishida 2005 NBA Finals She Loves You Notable lines in the Star Wars series Taliesin Team Rocket W.I.T.C.H. Ron and Fez Fancy Crane The Death Gate Cycle Bon Jovi Gottfried Leibniz Blood on the Tracks On the Road Maison Ikkoku 