my brother is gay my brother is and i know hes gay i got no problems with his sexulity but our mum wait untill he tells us we are close and i want him to know i love him what you do give him a hug and tell him you want to be part of his life my brother is straight and he just is their for me he comes out of the car and greats my girl from a mile away he takes my every day life with normality being cool with it and being their for they like nothing is going on and being gay is part of an everyday thing is the best support About a Boy Ex-gay EastEnders Friends The Invisibles Little Britain Social rule Jon Secada Queer Eye for the Straight Guy Marvin Gaye The Isley Brothers Teletubbies Father's Day (Doctor Who) Avenue Q Sex and the City Laura Schlessinger Physical intimacy Sexual orientation The Smoking Room San Francisco, California Human sexual behavior Hey Arnold! Homosexuality and transgender Diana Ross Pitaten The Red Pony Jet engine Sexuality and gender identity-based cultures Episodes of Lost (Season 1) KaBlam! Gay slang American Idiot Hollyoaks Academy Award for Best Song The Regina Monologues Queer as Folk (U.S.) Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Will & Grace Drag racing Oz (TV series) The Adventures of Pete & Pete Big Bad Beetleborgs Anthony the Great The Star Wars Holiday Special Grandview, U.S.A. Something Positive Wonderland (McFly album) Garfield Gay Married... with Children The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Phoebe Halliwell Milton H. Erickson Family First Party Closer to Heaven Soap opera Oh My Goddess! Supporting characters on Will & Grace Dance of the Vampires Blood on the Tracks Charmed Sin City The Chemical Brothers Hans Christian Andersen Le Malade imaginaire Future-Drama Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Rosie O'Donnell The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Car handling Janine Evans Blankets (graphic novel) Homestar Runner Piccolo Junior Saga Drag (clothing) Jennifer Lopez Homophobia Earring One Tree Hill (TV series) Gwen Stefani The Jazz Singer St. Elmo's Fire (film) Revolutionary Girl Utena Anderson Cooper Effeminacy Waking the Dragons The Golden Girls Earth Girl Arjuna Ten Commandments Very special episode Shaggy dog story Zeppo Marx The Human Stain The Ashlee Simpson Show W.I.T.C.H. Drawn Together Mystique (comics) The Emancipation of Mimi Good Charlotte Larry Kramer 