how do you translate the phrase another missed goal into latin i'm trying to come up with a motto for the football club leeds united as a joke for my brother and this sounds appropriate for them the romans did indeed have soccer in fact they may have invented it the ball however was the head of an enemy ew the calx is a chalk line showing the end of a foot race the meta is the post around which the chariots were driven in the circus maximus it marked the laps cicero says to reach the goal is ad calcem pervenire so maybe you can say iterum ad calcem non pervenimus once again we did not reach the goal horace says to reach the goal is metam contingere so maybe you can say iterum metam non contigimus once again we have not reached the goal Football (soccer) Chariot racing American football Football Circus Maximus Cicero Water polo Canadian football Jack Charlton FA Cup Rugby union Chariot Glossary of American football Football (soccer) field Julius Caesar National Football League Lore Norman Hunter David Beckham Rugby league Bryan Robson Australian rules football Leeds United F.C. Circus Eton Wall Game Shaggy dog story Alex Ferguson Manchester United F.C. Bobby Charlton Comparison of Canadian and American football The Football League Frank Lampard Baseball Alan Ball (footballer) Major League Soccer Norway national football team Hurling Everton F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Cleveland Browns Football chant Nicene Creed Torquay United F.C. Super Bowl X Mick Jones (footballer) Portsmouth F.C. Penalty shootout (football) Super Bowl XXI Pontifex Maximus Super Bowl XXXIV Manchester City F.C. Arena football Football records in England R.S.C. Anderlecht New York Giants Volleyball Roman Empire Super Bowl XV Super Bowl XXXVIII Football World Cup Field hockey Arsenal F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Pel__ Billy Bremner Super Bowl XXVI History of Arsenal F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Marching band Cork City F.C. April 2005 in sports FA Premier League 2003-04 World Football League 2004-05 in English football New England Patriots Roman Republic Super Bowl XIX Gaelic football Denis Law Super Bowl XIV Toronto Maple Leafs Springfield Elementary School Table football Ancient Rome Primera Divisi__n Argentina Super Bowl XXVII Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Rugby football Mark Viduka Blackburn Rovers F.C. Eric Cantona Coritiba Foot Ball Club Laws of the Game Sunderland A.F.C. Steve Coppell Alan Smith Hockey rink Peter Shilton Indoor football Carolina Panthers 