bush's victory in the presidential election of was finally desided by a popular vote b sentator james jeffords c the supreme court d the house of reps c keeping in mind that after the fact vote counting investigations by several news services as reported in the new york times revealed that had all the votes in every questionable county in florida been recounted bush received the majority of the votes and hence did win florida fair and square and hence the electoral college and hence the presidency too many on the left want to perpetuate the myth that bush stole the election not so according to the electoral process defined in and required by the constitution there have been other cases where the winner of the us' total popular vote did not win the electoral college people need to do a little history civics research to see why the founding fathers designed it that way knowitall above has his facts way wrong U.S. presidential election, 2000 Bush v. Gore U.S. Electoral College 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio President of the United States Elections in the United States 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution U.S. presidential election, 1876 Democratic Party (United States) George W. Bush 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Moss v. Bush Third party (United States) Republican Party (United States) Instant-runoff voting 2005 Philippine electoral crisis United States House of Representatives Ukrainian presidential election, 2004 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges U.S. Senate election, 2006 Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Congress of the United States Jeb Bush U.S. presidential election, 2008 Ross Perot Plurality electoral system Voting system Election Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Venezuelan recall referendum, 2004 Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Supreme Court of the United States United States Senate Politics of the Republic of China Federal Marriage Amendment Florida Constitution 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines U.S. presidential election, 1800 Bob McEwen 2004 U.S. election voting controversies U.S. presidential election, 1960 Gerrymandering U.S. presidential election, 1988 Christine Gregoire U.S. presidential election, 1984 James K. Polk John Quincy Adams U.S. presidential election, 1936 Article Two of the United States Constitution U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Elections in Brazil Canadian House of Commons U.S. presidential election, 1860 Politics of the United States Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo Barbara Boxer Government of Ohio Criticisms of the War on Terrorism Jeff Gannon Democracy Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 ROC presidential election, 2004 U.S. presidential election Government of France Karl Rove Ken Blackwell Tom DeLay Nuclear option (filibuster) Constitution of Iraq Politics of El Salvador Politics of Canada Article One of the United States Constitution Jos__ Luis Rodr__guez Zapatero John Roberts Supreme Court nomination and hearings Katherine Harris Parliament of Canada Red state vs. blue state divide New Zealand elections Politics of Italy Philippine general election, 2004 President Elections in the United Kingdom Samuel J. Tilden 