what is the worst best part of school for you come and share your ideas and experiences i love reading the textbooks if they are interesting i love hearing lectures i love small group discussions about the issues i love giving speeches in class i don't like large group discussions i don't like writing essays i don't like group projects i don't like multiple choice tests GED Polyamory SAT Philosophy of language Theodicy Shot of Love Jorge Luis Borges Milton H. Erickson IB Diploma Programme Noam Chomsky Condon Committee Anarchism and society Extreme Programming Gary Snyder Martin Heidegger Lecture Ralph Waldo Emerson Intelligent design movement Sapir-Whorf hypothesis Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Jennifer Lopez Game theory Alan Watts Bertrand Russell Socrates String theory Homeschooling Mixtape Frank Herbert Richard Stallman Censorship in Australia Many-worlds interpretation Camille Paglia Simone Weil Aldous Huxley Walter J. Ong Economics Theory of conduct Single Transferable Vote Normal distribution Plame affair Augustus De Morgan Requirements analysis Philosophy Federalist No. 10 Lorentz group Manifold St. John's College, U. S. Imagism Blog W. H. Auden First Amendment to the United States Constitution Second language acquisition Mach kernel D. H. Lawrence Roxette Education reform Francis Hutcheson (philosopher) C. S. Lewis Allan Bloom William James Development of Darwin's theory Model (economics) GNOME Patriotism Jean-Luc Nancy Nicolas Bourbaki Robert Schumann Polygamy 2004 Republican National Convention Publication of Darwin's theory Education in Japan John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Fan fiction David Hume Eric Voegelin English poetry Scopes Trial CPU cache Fahrenheit 9/11 John Dalton Predestination Deconstruction Special relativity Julian Huxley Brian Griffin Drama Education in Malaysia Franz Boas Originalism Jacques Derrida Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide Left communism Leo Strauss Time Out of Mind Kelly Clarkson Cascading Style Sheets Advertising Desire (album) The Marriage of Figaro 