Observations after human immunodeficiency virus immunization and challenge of human immunodeficiency virus seropositive and seronegative chimpanzees.
 Two human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-seropositive chimpanzees (A-3 and A-86c) infected 4 yr earlier with HIV, along with one uninfected animal (A-36), were inoculated intramuscularly three times in a year with a gamma-irradiated gp120-depleted HIV immunogen in incomplete Freund's adjuvant.
 Both previously infected animals promptly developed an anamnestic humoral antibody response after the first dose, and the uninfected animal developed a primary humoral response to the first dose and then an anamnestic response to the second dose.
 Although HIV had been recovered repeatedly from the seropositive animals, they became persistently virus-culture negative at the time of or just before the first inoculation of the immunogen.
 Intravenous challenge with 40 chimpanzee-infectious-doses of a heterologous HIV strain (HIVIIIB) was done 4 mo after the third inoculation in the three treated chimpanzees and in an untreated control animal (A-189a).
 The immunized naive animal (A-36) and the unimmunized control (A-189a) became infected, and virus has been isolated from their peripheral blood mononuclear cells for greater than 2 yr after challenge.
 However, the two previously infected chimpanzees (A-3 and A-86c) resisted challenge and have remained virus negative by peripheral blood mononuclear cell cocultivation for greater than 2 yr of observation after challenge; moreover, no evidence of reinfection was detectable by PCR.
 Despite the in vivo resistance, however, peripheral blood mononuclear cells from the resistant animals (A-3, A-86c) remained susceptible to infection by HIV in vitro.
 These findings reveal that a state of immunity can develop and/or be induced to control and/or prevent HIV infection in the chimpanzees.
 In the absence of any detectable level of neutralizing antibody in A-3 and a low level in A-86c, the patterns of the responses to challenge seen in the four animals suggest that the cell-mediated immune mechanism must have played a significant role in the resistant chimpanzees both in control of their HIV infection and in their resistance to challenge.
