ok i need to write a poem for someone but i need a start and some ideas ok i need to write a poem but i need help i need ideas on what i should say like give me lines or something that will help me i usually can take it from there or if you wanna really help give me your own sweet love poem than i will change it around maybe add some stuff thanks in advance start with adjectives that describe the person you're writing for find words that will rhyme with those and then add other sentiments start with a title and make the last sentence be that title fill in the rest with a story about your friend it doesn't have to rhyme but be honest about what makes them your friend lover whatever and tell them what life would be without them go to poetry websites choose love poems friendship poems etc and see where they started pick ones that touch your heart or remind you of your friend and use that as a starting point but don't steal else it won't have the full meaning you can never mess up a poem if it comes from the heart then it says it all have fun and don't sweat the details D. H. Lawrence Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Rhyme Emily Dickinson E. E. Cummings Eugene Onegin Alliterative verse William Butler Yeats William Shakespeare Biblical poetry Love John Berryman Jon Secada Japanese poetry Theory of conduct Meter (poetry) Waka Another Side of Bob Dylan Aesthetic Realism The Ashlee Simpson Show Wheel of Fortune Robert Burns W. H. Auden Written Cantonese Imagism C. S. Lewis Socrates Translation Prose Ghazal English grammar The Hunting of the Snark The McGuire Sisters Thomas M. Disch Michael Drayton Arabic literature Sir Gawain and the Green Knight Social rule Care Bears The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Hey Jude Pitaten French literature of the 17th century Love and Theft Esperanto grammar Yehuda Halevi Robert Creeley Allen Ginsberg The Marshall Mathers LP Four Quartets Blood on the Tracks Rod Stewart Friends Aladdin (1992 film) Friendship Poker jargon Rabindranath Tagore James Joyce Arabic poetry Augustan poetry Iliad Siegfried Sassoon Aquemini Father Ted Billy Childish Shit Phoebe Buffay's songs Shakespeare's sonnets The Raven Dean Koontz Alcoholics Anonymous H.D. Lesbian Hanshan Percy Bysshe Shelley The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Beowulf Robert Graves Literature Indian English Ballad Whose Line Is It Anyway? Sonnet Desire (album) Jabberwocky The Faerie Queene Nineteen Eighty-Four Liam Gallagher Highway 61 Revisited Lewis Carroll The Tale of Genji Confessio Amantis John Keats Polyamory Catullus True Crime: Streets of LA Dr. Seuss Quarashi 