which fans are more irritating barca or man utd again the winner has to be barca with man utd close behind where r the chelsea fans the blues are here or at least i am i'll say man u fans are more irritating well everything related to man unt is irritating but whatever what's with you're picture kasper Manchester United F.C. Chelsea F.C. Sheffield United F.C. West Ham United F.C. University of Texas at Dallas 2002-03 in English football FA Premier League 2005-06 Leeds United F.C. Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United England national football team Wigan Athletic F.C. David Beckham Oakland Athletics Football chant Crystal Palace F.C. Stockport County F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Uru: Ages Beyond Myst Ian Porterfield Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water Skinhead Second Punic War Luton Town F.C. Ireland Hamilcar Barca MBTA buses in East Boston, Chelsea and Revere Arsenal F.C. Everton F.C. Dundee United F.C. Manchester City F.C. Ages of Uru Gianfranco Zola Pedro Calder__n de la Barca Battle of Ilipa 2004-05 in English football Anzu Mazaki 2004-05 in Scottish football Damien Duff Chelsea, London Tottenham Hotspur F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 Notts County F.C. UEFA Champions League Toronto Blue Jays Grammy Awards of 2001 Chelsea, Manhattan Exosquad characters FC Barcelona Jandek Myst Sub-Zero Ren and Stimpy Hannibal Chelsea College of Art and Design Florida Marlins Aston Villa F.C. Paul Is Dead World Series Olympique de Marseille Eurovision Song Contest Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl Middlesbrough F.C. Hasdrubal Cristiano Ronaldo The Blues Brothers Darrell Waltrip Jiddu Krishnamurti Irritation 2003-04 in English football Myst franchise Irritable bowel syndrome Frank Lampard 2000 Summer Olympics Philadelphia Phillies Manchester United 1986-1999 History of Togo Funnies, Inc. IFK G__teborg Kevin Keegan Nottingham Forest F.C. Francis Bacon (painter) Scarification Slayers Placebo (band) Pseudofolliculitis barbae Leonard McCoy Breakcore Blue Seed Cardcaptor Sakura Billy Bremner Gianluca Vialli Eric Clapton Psoriasis Sketch comedy 808 State New York Giants Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back Dinamo Zagreb 