who agrees chelsea sucks sorry kasper i reached my limit lol i had to say it cause your question was ridiculous as man utd and barca are both good clubs lol btw thanks to everyone supporting me in the forums and backing me up i love all of you guys btw ec valencia beat barca this season ohhh and if i supported a london club itd be arsenal lol that is all man it sucks not being able to answer haha now i do all my answers in questions lol lol i'm just playing people come on wheres your sense of humour oh wait did arshan take it with him when he posted his last q alas we have another smart person on this forum and this is why i like man u fans Chelsea F.C. Manchester United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Sheffield United F.C. West Ham United F.C. Internet slang David Beckham Pure Pwnage FA Cup Alex Ferguson The Cure Leeds United F.C. Arsenal F.C. Claudio Ranieri Dundee United F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. 2004-05 in English football 10cc UEFA Champions League Aston Villa F.C. Wigan Athletic F.C. England national football team History of Arsenal F.C. LOL (Internet slang) R.S.C. Anderlecht Troms__ I.L. Socrates 2channel Tottenham Hotspur F.C. The Football League Palindrome FA Premier League 2005-06 2005-06 in English football Jack Charlton Phoebe Buffay's songs David Rocastle Stockport County F.C. Valencia CF Kevin Keegan Gordon Banks Self-organized criticality Frankie Goes to Hollywood Frank Lampard Olympique de Marseille Internet forum IFK G__teborg David O'Leary Billy Bremner Big Brother (USA TV series) The Damned B3ta Crystal Palace F.C. Russian joke Internet troll GunBound 1731 English cricket season SmartAsk The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular Second Punic War The Art of Noise April 2005 in sports Football records in England Something Awful Gantz Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Swindon Town F.C. Bernard Williams Everton F.C. Girls Aloud Friends Married... with Children John Terry Social rule Montreal Canadiens 2002-03 in English football Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Peter Cook Hannibal FA Premier League 2004-05 George Abbott FA Premier League 2003-04 Derek Bailey America's Cup Tsunami Channel Game show Sola fide Portsmouth F.C. Preston North End F.C. Luton Town F.C. Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United The Amazing Race Blackburn Rovers F.C. Reggie Jackson Steve Coppell Celtic F.C. Clive Allen May 2005 in Britain and Ireland Ken Chu John Hollins 