what is the average yearly income for a screenwriter compared to other jobs also what is a good high school course for an aspiring screenwriter unless you are lucky enough to sell all of your scripts all of the time and get several thousand or even million for each of them you won't be making a lot of money you will need a second job at least until you sell your first script after that if you earned enough money you might be able to quit your job and write full time but that's not very likely at first if you manage to get a job as a writer with a sitcom or something then you'll at least have a steady income depending on how successful the show is you could make a very good living unfortunately screenwriting is an industry that is so varied that it is hard to give an accurate estimate of what the average yearly income is Screenplay Screenwriter Labour economics Screenwriting Freeters Tax Income statement WGA screenwriting credit system Carl Barks Hollywood blacklist Game programmer Capital accumulation 401(k) PE ratio Gross domestic product Carl Foreman Unemployment Taxation in the United States Israeli Arab Productive and unproductive labour Arguments for and against drug prohibition Microeconomics Poker jargon Kevin Williamson Married... with Children Graduate school Social Security (United States) Education in the United States William Rose (screenwriter) Good Times Charlie Kaufman Surplus value Therion (band) Economy of Cuba Amway James T. Aubrey, Jr. Mutual fund Balassa-Samuelson effect Norwich City F.C. Social rule Bulk vending J. Michael Straczynski Professor Television in the United States Personal finance Year Annuity Economy of the United States Economic inequality Wal-Mart George W. Bush Inflation ELO rating system George Lucas Blackjack Oakland Athletics Writers' Guild of Great Britain Economic history of communist Czechoslovakia World economy ABBA RuneScape economy Thai language Professional wrestling slang Economy of Russia Unemployment benefit Professional golf tours Neil Gaiman Terry Nation Brannon Braga Income Insurance Robert Altman Division of labour Advance fee fraud Paul W. S. Anderson What Makes Sammy Run? Labor theory of value Chinese language Warren Buffett Progressive tax Free trade Cliff Richard Measures of national income and output Whitney Houston Trip distribution Make money fast Public policy Janet Jackson Dot-com Adaptation. Leicester City F.C. Software testing Age of the Earth Rod Serling Credit card Avenue Q Hangul Joss Whedon Situation comedy Terry Southern 