why do they want to put a teacher into space look at the money it will cost just to teach a child children about space i say teach the children in a regular class room and stop nasa from grandstanding with a worthless act of sending a teacher into space nothing good can come of it the original teacher christa mcauliffe died in the challenger disaster in the teacher that is going up now was her reserve people from all different professions become astronauts doctors geologists chemists physicists veterinarians why not a teacher at first during the space race only pilots were sent up in the late s or so our space program was advanced enough to start sending scientists up and science has benefitted greatly from what they've been able to do there teachers are the people who inspire and educate many of our children nasa actually puts out a lot of educational materials available to schools and homeschools and i've got to say it's excellent with teachers involved in the space program they would be able to do even more and honestly i'm glad to see the teacher program is continuing my dad was one of the teachers who was up for the original position and though i've got to say i'm glad he wasn't on the challenger i'm glad to see that it continues Christa McAuliffe National Aeronautics and Space Administration Education in the People's Republic of China Astronaut STS-51-L Space Race Space disaster Barbara Morgan Education Bowie State University Space Shuttle program Education in Hong Kong Space Shuttle Challenger Project Apollo Graduate school No Child Left Behind Act Teacher Anna Lee Fisher Crew Exploration Vehicle Space Shuttle Columbia disaster Waldorf Education Space exploration Hubble Space Telescope International Space Station Creation and evolution in public education Canadian Space Agency James S. Voss SpaceCamp Johns Hopkins University University of Central Florida Education in Germany Daniel W. Bursch Bryan D. O'Connor Secondary education in Japan Apollo moon landing hoax accusations Education in Japan Solar power satellite Florida State University Colonization of the Moon Down syndrome Ronald M. Sega Puerto Ricans in NASA Mario Runco, Jr. Education in Taiwan European Space Agency Ellison Onizuka Apollo 15 University of Houston Project Gemini Henry Hartsfield John M. Grunsfeld Danish Folkeskole Education Edward Fincke Unidentified flying object STS-26 Apollo 17 Education in Malaysia Teach the Controversy Joseph P. Allen Columbia University Education in Portugal Robert Thirsk Neil Armstrong Jaime Escalante Brewster H. Shaw Bonnie J. Dunbar Moon Michael Griffin Vance D. Brand Special education Intelligent design movement STS-62 York University Professor Civil Air Patrol Experiential education Dale Gardner Expedition 9 Georgia Institute of Technology Florida Institute of Technology Space Shuttle Discovery STS-107 Moon landing Framingham, Massachusetts Charles Walker Frederick Hauck Current teachings of Prem Rawat History of science Wernher von Braun Space tourism James H. Newman Opportunity rover Space colonization Owen K. Garriott Soil science Jeffrey A. Hoffman Montessori method 