al gore is out jogging al gore is out jogging one morning notices a little boy on the corner with a box curious he runs over to the child and says what's in the box kid the little boy says kittens they're brand new kittens al gore laughs and says what kind of kittens are they democrats the child says oh that's cute al gore says and he runs off a couple of days later al gore is running with his buddy bill clinton and he spies the same boy with his box just ahead al gore says to bill you gotta check this out and they both jog over to the boy with the box al gore says look in the box bill isn't that cute look at those little kittens hey kid tell my friend bill that kind of kittens they are the boy replies they're republicans whoa al gore says i came by here the other day and you said they were democrats what's up well the kid says their eyes are open now omg classic wow and yikes at the same time i'm giving you a star thanks for the smile Cuteness Al Gore Ralph Nader Situation comedy Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 U.S. presidential election, 2008 2004 Democratic National Convention U.S. presidential election, 2000 Fred Phelps Bill Clinton Kyle Broflovski Doug Joe Lieberman AFI 100 Years series Ron and Fez Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography Hillary Rodham Clinton U.S. presidential election, 1988 Martin Lawrence Treehouse of Horror V Futurama (TV series - season 5) U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Care Bears Shaggy dog story Bill Richardson (politician) Kitten Democratic Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1992 Bill Bradley Social rule U.S. Electoral College Kylie Minogue Fox Kids Kodocha Gore Vidal Ben Affleck Paul Wellstone Empire Burlesque 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Cliff Richard John Kerry Goatse.cx Fat Man and Little Boy (Simpsons) Ann Coulter Trent Lott The Daily Show U.S. Senate election, 2006 Krusty the Clown President of the United States Ross Perot Garfield John Jay Hooker Bart chalkboard gags John Edwards The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie George Burns Running National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States Theodore Roosevelt Ticket balance Michael Dukakis Cro National Rifle Association Alice Cooper YuYu Hakusho Hey Jude Captain Marvel (DC Comics) Friends Cardcaptor Sakura Our Gang Iowa caucus Lesley Gore Hey Arnold! The Marshall Mathers LP U.S. Senate election, 1994 Nuclear option (filibuster) Jim Sasser Beastie Boys South Park Boy band Dan Quayle Shawn Michaels Russian joke Evan Bayh Yellow Eddie Murphy B3ta Blonde on Blonde Bill Brock She Loves You Plame affair Treehouse of Horror IV U.S. presidential election, 2004 New Hampshire primary Harrow School Teen Girl Squad Al Gore controversies The Beach Boys Hall & Oates Sidwell Friends School 