good old george w dick cheney and george w bush were having breakfast at the white house the attractive waitress asks cheney what he would like and he replies i'd like a bowl of oatmeal and some fruit and what can i get for you mr president george w replies with his trademark wink and slight grin how about a quickie this morning why mr president the waitress exclaims how rude you're starting to act like mr clinton '' as the waitress storms away cheney leans over to bush and whispers it's pronounced 'quiche' i wouldn't be at all surprised if this wasn't true very funny though Plame affair Dick Cheney Shaggy dog story Vice President of the United States George W. Bush U.S. presidential election, 2008 Plame affair timeline Acting President of the United States Karl Rove Bush family conspiracy theory U.S. presidential election, 2004 George H. W. Bush National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States George W. Bush administration U.S. Electoral College U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Laura Bush Alan Keyes Mary Cheney George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Death and state funeral of Ronald Reagan 2004 Republican National Convention September 11, 2001 attacks timeline for the day of the attacks Movement to impeach George W. Bush September 11 researchers Bill Clinton Harriet Miers Downing Street memo Leo McGarry President of the United States Whitehouse.org Deep Throat (Watergate) Condoleezza Rice Colin Powell White House Chief of Staff Against All Enemies Robert Byrd Lynne Cheney Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina South Park Tom Ridge Iraq disarmament crisis MAD Magazine Valerie Plame Arthur Laffer Breakfast Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Senate Report of Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq The Rush Limbaugh Show Friends Foreign policy of the George W. Bush administration Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution Axis of evil 9/11 conspiracy theories George Pataki Project for the New American Century Democratic Party (United States) U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Neoconservatism in the United States Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Jeff Gannon Mary Matalin Piccolo Junior Saga Elizabeth Dole 2004 Democratic National Convention Helen Thomas 2000 Republican National Convention Lewis Libby Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001 Humphrey Bogart Political effects of Hurricane Katrina Hillary Rodham Clinton Capitol Steps Bush family CIA leak grand jury investigation Howard Dean Andrew Card Gene Taylor Donald Rumsfeld Effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans John Danforth Moss v. Bush Bandar bin Sultan Tom DeLay The Marshall Mathers LP Yellowcake forgery Al Gore John R. Bolton Prairie Chapel Ranch George W. Bush's second term as President of the United States Jesse Jackson U.S. Senate election, 2006 Bill O'Reilly (commentator) First Lady Nuclear option (filibuster) Swift Vets and POWs for Truth Abdullah of Saudi Arabia John Dean Patrick Leahy 