who's tops in the m a c i know their has to be other mac football fans on these boards let me know what you think can central michigan win back to back mid american conference championships duh ohio university is picked as number one when did cmu win back to back mac conference championships i thought ou won it all last season College football Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Mid-American Conference Pittsburgh Steelers Big East Conference Bowl Championship Series Michigan Wolverines Kansas City Chiefs Texas Longhorn Athletics Buffalo Bills USC Trojans Football Detroit Lions Super Bowl College basketball Carolina Panthers Playoff New York Giants San Francisco 49ers National Football League NCAA football bowl games, 2004-05 The Football League Michigan University of Michigan Houston Nutt Chicago Bulls NBA Finals West Bromwich Albion F.C. New Mexico Lobo Basketball Central Michigan University Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Nick Saban New England Patriots American Football League National Basketball Association Southeastern Conference Minnesota Vikings Arizona State University St. Louis Cardinals Atlantic Coast Conference Miami Dolphins Joe Paterno Jacksonville Jaguars British Home Championship St. Louis Rams Mack Brown Farnborough Town F.C. Preston North End F.C. San Antonio Spurs Super Bowl XIV Super Bowl XXVII Carnegie Mellon University Super Bowl XXI Super Bowl XXVIII FA Cup Bernie Kosar Marshall University Bobby Charlton Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Washington Redskins University of Pittsburgh Major League Soccer NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship 2004-05 in English football Indiana Pacers Arkansas Razorbacks Montreal Canadiens Newcastle United F.C. BCS title game Super Bowl XXXI Philadelphia 76ers New Orleans Saints New York Jets Los Angeles Clippers Eastern Michigan University Troms__ I.L. Joe Gibbs Playoff format Beitar Jerusalem FC Atlanta Falcons April 2005 in sports 2004 European Football Championship Rugby union New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets Jupiler League Tennessee Titans Jim Tressel Teddy Sheringham Clemson University Super Bowl I Celtic F.C. Seattle Seahawks Leeds United F.C. All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Oakland Raiders National Football League Lore Houston Rockets Football Conference Hendrick Motorsports 