what are some good sayings to put on the back off a football t shirt american football we're in high school this team is our rivals seriously you want the answer go here http groups myspace com footballexperts American football HyperText Transfer Protocol National Football League Super Bowl Football (soccer) The Football League FC Barcelona Glossary of American football Paul Ince Official (American football) Sheffield United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Canadian football Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Australian rules football Cleveland Browns Harrow School Sheffield Wednesday F.C. College football West Bromwich Albion F.C. Arsenal F.C. Rugby football Football Hikaru no Go Australian Football League England national rugby union team FC Rostov Bristol Rugby NFL Draft Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Ultras Blackburn Rovers F.C. Southeastern Conference Steve Hodge Derby County F.C. Coritiba Foot Ball Club Harrow Football Bristol City F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Overtime (sport) Canadian Football League Indoor football Wis__a Krak__w AFL-NFL Merger Marching band World Football League Germany national football team Australia national football team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Portugal national football team Atlantic Coast Conference Johns Hopkins University Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics Torquay United F.C. Viv Anderson Rugby union Blue-collar worker FA Cup Lincoln City F.C. Rugby union positions History of Arsenal F.C. Club de Regatas Vasco da Gama Super Bowl XXXI Lynbrook High School Football (soccer) positions WebDAV Jack Charlton 2004 European Football Championship Defender (football) Syracuse University Orange Norway national football team Kansas City Chiefs Adidas Clube de Regatas do Flamengo Defensive team Paul Madeley Nottingham Forest F.C. Football World Cup 2002 Running back Genoa Cricket & Football Club Cheerleading Major professional sports league University of Kansas Football in the United Kingdom Denver Broncos Hibernian F.C. Ivy League Pete Rozelle Wales national rugby union team Football World Cup 1966 Everton F.C. Bangor City F.C. American Football League All-Time Team Portsmouth F.C. England national football team Hong Kong national football team Texas Longhorn Athletics Accrington Stanley F.C. 