can the chargers win their first superbowl i think they can they have to beat the pats first but i hate the pats so f them i hope they loose and brady gets his legs broken its lights out for brady i think they can they have so much talent and potential this is the year i can feel it last year they should have won against the pats i highly disagree with some of football's rules like taking a field goal on nd down and not being able to do it again lol people who watched the game know what i am talking about Cincinnati Bengals Super Bowl New England Patriots Tom Brady National Football League Lore San Diego Chargers St. Louis Rams Buffalo Bills Super Bowl XXXVI American Football League New York Giants Celtic F.C. Super Bowl XXXIX New York Jets Torquay United F.C. Philadelphia Eagles Doug Flutie September 2005 in sports Kansas City Chiefs Miami Dolphins Super Bowl XXXVIII Football (soccer) Jack Charlton Poker jargon October 2005 in sports Pittsburgh Steelers Super Bowl II NFL playoffs, 2004-05 Iron Bowl American football History of Arsenal F.C. Super Bowl XIV FA Cup Super Bowl XXVII King Crimson Myra Hindley Indianapolis Colts December 2004 in sports January 2005 in sports Ice hockey Super Bowl I Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Days of our Lives Leeds United F.C. Mario Lemieux The Football League Cork City F.C. Liam Brady Newcastle United F.C. Super Bowl IV Vin Scully Huddersfield Giants Toronto Blue Jays September 2004 in sports Brazil national football team Major League Baseball television contracts NFL playoffs, 2003-04 Marty Schottenheimer Washington Redskins Oakland Raiders Australia national football team October 5 in baseball Super Bowl XVI Cleveland Browns Joe Paterno University College Dublin F.C. Pete Rose ESPN25 Essendon Football Club Carolina Panthers New Orleans Saints West Bromwich Albion F.C. American Football League playoffs Norway national football team Super Bowl XXIV Diego Maradona Pat Riley St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Manchester United F.C. March 2005 in sports Detroit Tigers Monday Night Football Toronto Maple Leafs Rugby union Baseball Football World Cup Telstra Stadium Super Bowl XXXI Arsenal F.C. International League August 2005 in sports Bobby Charlton Cleveland Indians All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Peter Shilton Australian rules football Super Bowl XXI Super Bowl III Tennessee Titans 