how do i get autographs hi i am wanting to know how i can get autographs from sports players mainly football players i live in texas so i really dont want to have to go up to ohio to the hof on a day when a football player is up there signing autographs is there any other ways or a site that i can go to i dont mind paying for it i would just like to get some of my cards signed safely without getting lost or bent up please thanks hummm try www fanmiail biz Pete Rose National Football League American football Baseball Football (soccer) Autograph Topps Ted Williams American Football League Cincinnati Bengals Professional sports University of Houston Fenerbah__e SK Manchester United F.C. Mickey Mantle Hurling Salary cap The Football League Dallas, Texas Babe Ruth David Beckham RuneScape Mini-Games Alex Ferguson West Bromwich Albion F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. NFL Europe St. Louis Rams Sevilla FC Ty Cobb Norway national football team College football Manchester United 1945-1969 Marching band FC Barcelona Canadian football Ohio University Oakland Athletics Denis Law Real Madrid Monday Night Football Jack Buck Ocean's Twelve New York Giants Cincinnati, Ohio Andy Roddick Dayton, Ohio Reserve clause Major League Soccer Portsmouth F.C. Texas hold 'em Blackjack St. Louis Cardinals AFL-NFL Merger Miami Dolphins Toronto Argonauts Darryl Strawberry Fleer Roger Federer Alex Rodriguez EverQuest Seattle Mariners Gordon Strachan Super League (Australia) Ali Daei History of baseball in the United States Australian rules football FA Cup Chelsea F.C. Red card Hank Aaron NFL Draft LeBron James Manchester United 1986-1999 Mack Brown College basketball Bundesliga (football) University of Notre Dame Boston Red Sox Buffalo Bills Poker jargon George Foreman England national football team Football Manager Bobby Fischer Blackburn Rovers F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Sports betting Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Gettysburg Address Biz Markie Indoor soccer Suge Knight Everton F.C. Willie Nelson Yellow card Rugby league Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Pittsburgh Steelers Pai gow poker Michigan Wolverines 