million dollars quoted to me by a millionaire if you stack dollar bills on top of each other by the time it gets to million it will be as tall as the empire state building true of false i have been doing a little math if dollar bills are an inch high bills would be inches high that equals feet the empire state building is feet high i don't have enough bills around to measure based on the math i would say true United States dollar Economic inequality Horsepower Millionaire Pachypodium baronii Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Canadian dollar Apollo Command/Service Module English unit Opportunity rover United States dollar coin Metre Orders of magnitude (numbers) Inch Welfare economics Stairway Pi FairTax U.S. five-dollar bill University of Waterloo U.S. one hundred-dollar bill Mount Everest Great Pyramid of Giza U.S. two-dollar bill The Millionaire Paper size CN Tower Mathematics United Church of Christ Project Orion U.S. ten-dollar bill Nine Inch Nails Basketball U.S. customary units Chair Atmospheric pressure M16 (rifle) Horse Faster-than-light U.S. public debt James J. Hill Broadband Internet access Donald Trump U.S. one dollar bill SAT Kill Bill Dc (Unix) Catastrophic Florida Hurricanes: 1900-1960 Volume Carl G. Fisher The Million Dollar Hotel California Polytechnic State University Pressure Government of India Act 1935 1987 Golden Raspberry Awards World Trade Center Pachypodium key to species Tallest structures in the United States IDS Center Counterfeit Empire State Building Pachypodium bicolor Dog agility View camera Metrication arguments and counter-arguments Tennis Ammunition Game show Bretton Woods system Stanley Cup John Holmes (actor) United States NeXT Halo (video game series) Darius I of Persia Early IBM disk storage Imperial unit U.S. fifty-dollar bill Elvis Presley's Sun recordings Lumber Stack-oriented programming language Capital accumulation Joe Millionaire Interstate Highway Equine conformation Numerology Thailand Dundas Square Napoleon I of France Silicon Graphics Hawaii Punt (boat) Racquetball Professional wrestling holds Marshall Amplification California hurricanes Inflation Intermodal freight transport Creation-evolution controversy 