if someone you knew said they had seen there deceased mother walk by there bed i was awake when this happened and then mom looked at me as if to say see i am still around and then she walked out of what would have been a second storey window also i have caught her voice on evps and had other family member tell me it was in fact her voice would you think that person is crazy my dad died last week of cancer and the night before he died my brother saw our grandpa my dad's dad who has been dead since walk into the room and stand by my dad and look at him as to say it was alright and that he was there to take him to heaven you're not crazy it's what deceased loved ones do to comfort their loved ones on earth i didn't really believe in that sort of stuff until july th the day before my dad died Shaggy dog story Silent Night, Deadly Night Grandview, U.S.A. The Shining (film) The Adventures of Pete & Pete EastEnders Kyle Broflovski Hey Jude Humphrey Bogart American Dad! Kurt Cobain Phoebe Buffay's songs Dexter's Laboratory Mr. and Mrs. Turner The Catcher in the Rye Teamo Supremo Rocko's Modern Life Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) Futurama (TV series - season 5) Time Out of Mind Recurring South Park characters The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Bryan Adams The Fairly OddParents Russian joke Out-of-body experience Jewish bereavement KaBlam! The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Captain Thunderbolt Garfield Jon Secada Treehouse of Horror XV Futurama (TV series - season 2) Kimi Finster Sin City Neighbours The Life and Times of Juniper Lee S.H.E She Loves You The Marshall Mathers LP Milton H. Erickson Knots Landing Situation comedy Married... with Children Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Ray Winstone Cowboy Bebop The Lovely Bones Luke and Laura Spencer W.I.T.C.H. Kim Possible Springfield Elementary School Retcon Joke Babe Carey Funeral Big Brother UK series 6 The Amber Spyglass Meat Loaf Who Shot Mr. Burns? Dead Like Me One Tree Hill (TV series) Rod Stewart About a Boy Queen (band) Bro'Town Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Days of our Lives The Subtle Knife Timmy Turner Stewie Griffin Van Houten family Lauren Bacall Pitaten Fathers' rights Triage Pepper Ann Invader Zim Twin Peaks Babe Ruth Steve Martin Seth MacFarlane Lisa the Vegetarian Battle of the Network Reality Stars Electronic voice phenomena Treehouse of Horror IV Father's Day (Doctor Who) Yoko Ono Homer Simpson The Star Wars Holiday Special Bart Sells His Soul Cow and Chicken Ty Cobb Treehouse of Horror V South Park Viz (comic) Euphemism Blankets (graphic novel) 