fathers rights how does a father whose name isn't on the birth certificate go about gaining access to his child expect a long court fight allot of it is 'hurry up and wait' you need to get a paternity determination some courts have standard forms and for others you just need to type something up after the dna test you request contact visitation and or custody expect a long process if she fights back i have been fighting for years now my first lawyer said i will never win but i just might get a small victory in another month but kim is almost now Child custody Divorce Father Fathers' rights Paternity Fathers' rights movement in the UK Supreme Court of the United States Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act Visitation Albert II, Prince of Monaco British nationality law StarCraft Secret Missions Child support Status of religious freedom in Malaysia Legal aspects of transsexualism Genealogy Appeal Boris Becker Information Technology Infrastructure Library Maria Hertogh riots James Bulger Food Stamp Program 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Indian nationality law Paternity testing Alois Hitler Marriage David Blunkett Genealogical DNA test Genetic fingerprinting Best interests Trademark Steffi Graf GSM services Bush v. Gore 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus David Hicks Genetic genealogy Kimberly Quinn Census Contract O. J. Simpson Probation officer President of Ireland 11001001 (TNG episode) Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution U.S. presidential election, 2000 Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution Ernst Z__ndel Polymerase chain reaction Copyright law of the United Kingdom Parental Alienation Syndrome Fathers 4 Justice Freedom of Information Act (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2004 Road-rule enforcement camera 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Who is a Jew? EastEnders Software testing Second Battle of the Atlantic Public domain Molecular systematics Sumo Driver's license Human papillomavirus 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Plame affair Unlawful combatant Paralegal Kim Clijsters Edward VIII of the United Kingdom Mach kernel President of Germany IEEE 802.11 Drug test Patent Mitochondrial genetics Gurkha Contingent Barrister Ernesto Miranda George VI of the United Kingdom Children of God Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Jean-Luc Picard Questioned document examination Yom Kippur War Paul Wight Kashrut Court system of Canada Cancer Canadian nationality law Vivian Solon Yokozuna Deadlock Gerrymandering Pilot certification in the United States Organic certification 