Cardiovascular effects of the somatostatin analog octreotide in acromegaly.
 OBJECTIVE: To determine the cardiovascular effects of the somatostatin analog octreotide in patients with acromegaly.
 DESIGN: Prospective nonrandomized study.
 SETTING: Referral-based endocrinology clinic.
 PATIENTS: Seven patients with active acromegaly, three of whom had refractory congestive heart failure.
 The other four patients were free of symptoms associated with heart failure.
 INTERVENTIONS: All patients were treated with octreotide, 100 to 500 micrograms subcutaneously three times daily.
 The three patients with heart failure continued to receive cardiovascular therapy (angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, digitalis, diuretics).
 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: During octreotide therapy, patients showed a rapid decrease in growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1): Mean levels (+/- SD) fell from 28.1 +/- 32.7 micrograms/L to 5.2 +/- 8.3 micrograms/L and 740 +/- 126 micrograms/L to 372 +/- 64 micrograms/L, respectively (P less than 0.025).
 Plasma volume returned to normal and heart rate decreased significantly.
 In the four patients without heart failure, right-heart catheterization done before and after 3 months of octreotide therapy showed an 18.3% +/- 11% reduction in stroke volume and a return to normal of the cardiac index.
 The three patients with congestive heart failure, evaluated before and after 40 days and up to 2 years of therapy, showed a dramatic clinical improvement that was associated with an increase in stroke volume (by 24% to 51%).
 In these patients, the cardiac index remained in the normal range, filling pressures were markedly decreased, and pulmonary wedge pressure returned to normal.
 This improvement was sustained for up to 3 years in the two patients with heart failure who were receiving long-term treatment.
 CONCLUSION: The rapid and sustained cardiac improvement seen in our patients shows that octreotide therapy for patients with acromegaly may be highly beneficial, even in those patients with advanced cardiac failure.
