Transforming function of proto-ras genes depends on heterologous promoters and is enhanced by specific point mutations [published erratum appears in Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 May 1;88(9):4059]
 Based on transfection into cells in culture or natural transduction into retroviruses, proto-ras genes seem to derive transforming function either from heterologous promoters or from point mutations.
 Here we ask how such different events could achieve the same results.
 To identify homologous regulatory elements, about 3 kilobases of rat DNA upstream of the first untranslated proto-Ha-ras exon was sequenced.
 Surprisingly, the sequence shares at -1858 a homology of 148 nucleotides with Harvey (Ha) sarcoma virus, 5' of viral ras, signaling possibly a second untranslated proto-Ha-ras exon.
 In addition the sequence contains a perfect repeat of 25 CA dinucleotides at -2655.
 A retroviral promoter, even from upstream of the poly(CA), conferred transforming function on proto-Ha-ras and increased transcription greater than 100-fold compared with that of unrearranged proto-ras.
 Point mutations were not necessary for transforming function of rat and human proto-Ha-ras genes with retroviral promoters but did enhance it greater than 10-fold.
 A unifying hypothesis proposes that proto-ras genes depend on high expression from heterologous promoters or enhancers for transforming function, which is modulated by ras point mutations.
 The hypothesis makes two testable predictions.
 (i) Unrearranged proto-ras genes with point mutations, which occur in some cancers, have no transforming function.
 Indeed, tumors with mutated proto-ras genes, even those that also lack hypothetical tumor-suppressor genes, are indistinguishable from counterparts with normal proto-ras genes.
 (ii) Proto-ras genes in transfected cells derive transforming function from heterologous promoters or enhancers acquired via illegitimate recombination from vector DNAs and particularly from viral helper genes that must be cotransfected for transformation of primary cells.
 Indeed, expression of exogenous proto-ras genes in cells transformed by transfection is as high as for viral ras genes and is much higher than in the cells of origin.
