"Angioglioma" and the arteriovenous malformation-glioma association.
 The term "angioglioma" denotes a highly vascular glioma, most of which are low-grade lesions associated with a favorable prognosis.
 The authors encountered an example of this pathology, a cystic oligodendroglioma associated with prominent vasculature which both clinically and histologically mimicked an occult arteriovenous malformation (AVM).
 This case and reports of the association of AVM and glioma prompted a histological review of 1034 surgically resected AVM's, both angiographically occult and visible, among which no oligodendroglial or astrocytic forms of "angioglioma" were found.
 Eight cases were observed, however, wherein oligodendroglial cells were increased in number within or about the malformation.
 Two basic histological patterns of oligodendroglial cell excess were seen; one appeared to be malformative in nature with abnormal disposition of oligodendroglial cells being an integral part of the AVM, whereas in the other an apparent increase in cellularity seemed the result of chronic ischemia with condensation of white matter.
 It appeared that the areas of increased oligodendrocyte content seen in association with AVM are non-neoplastic lesions that exhibit two rather distinct histological patterns of differing origin.
 In an effort to determine the frequency of "angioglioma," the authors examined Tissue Registry data for several glioma groups in which highly vascular examples are prone to occur.
 Tumors selected for study included 104 cerebellar-type (pilocytic) astrocytomas, 82 oligodendrogliomas, and 51 supratentorial pilocytic astrocytomas.
 Histological hypervascularity mimicking a vascular malformation (that is, an "angioglioma") was encountered in 5%, 4%, and 12% of the cases, respectively.
 Based upon clinical, radiological, and pathological reviews of these cases, as well as a careful review of the literature, it was concluded that 1) "angiogliomas" are neither rare nor represent a distinct clinicopathological entity; 2) in histological but not necessarily angiographic surgical terms, they represent simply highly vascular gliomas, usually of low grade; and 3) the clinicopathological and angiographic features as well as the prognosis of such lesions do not differ from those of similar gliomas without angioma-like vasculature.
 Finally, "angiogliomas" must not be confused with gliomas of high-grade malignancy which, due to neovascularity, may be highly vascular at angiography and at surgery.
