Preliminary results in invasive bladder cancer with transurethral resection, neoadjuvant chemotherapy and combined pelvic irradiation plus cisplatin chemotherapy.
 Preliminary data are presented of a clinically feasible pilot study to select a significant subgroup of patients among those with muscle-invading bladder tumors for local cure and bladder preservation, while also to offer all patients the possibility of preventing the development of distant metastases.
 Transurethral debulking surgical resection was combined with neoadjuvant methotrexate, cisplatin and vinblastine chemotherapy plus 2 additional courses of cisplatin and 4,000 cGy.
 If tumor was found on cystoscopic re-evaluation by biopsy and for cytology after cisplatin and partial irradiation (4,000 cGy.) immediate cystectomy was advised.
 If tumor was not found consolidation by a radiotherapy boost to a total of 6,480 cGy.
 plus 1 additional course of cisplatin was given.
 Of 53 consecutive patients the planned treatment was completed in 42 (79%).
 With a median followup of 26 months (range 15 to 42 months), 72% of all entered patients were alive, 70% have not required cystectomy and 74% have not had distant metastases.
 Among the 42 patients who completed the planned protocol chemotherapy dose reductions were required in 39% for stomatitis, bone marrow depression and/or renal dysfunction.
 There were 2 serious complications but no treatment-related sepsis, deaths or significant renal dysfunction.
 Eight patients underwent immediate radical cystectomy because of positive biopsy and/or cytology results after 4,000 cGy., while 34 completed full chemotherapy and radiotherapy without any significant bladder or bowel injury.
 Of 42 patients 22 (52%) have maintained the bladder without any recurrence, and of those selected for full chemotherapy and radiotherapy this number increased to 65%.
 To date 12 patients have persistent or recurrent bladder tumors: 5 (15%) had invasive tumors treated by cystectomy and 7 (21%) had carcinoma in situ treated by intravesical therapy.
 The true success of this or other selective bladder-preserving treatments will require 3 to 5 years of followup to be confident that such treatment has sterilized the bladder of cancer.
 This feasibility study has been clinically practical, modestly well tolerated and encouraging for the significant proportion of patients with a sustained complete response and for the 70% over-all survival rate at 2 years.
 To evaluate critically the efficacy of methotrexate, cisplatin and vinblastine chemotherapy in the prevention of occult distant micrometastases and in increasing the rate of successful bladder preservation, in May 1988 we began a randomized phase 3 trial with and without neoadjuvant methotrexate, cisplatin and vinblastine chemotherapy.
