Use of polymerase chain reactions to monitor minimal residual disease in acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients.
 T-cell receptor (TCR) delta gene rearrangements are observed in more than 80% of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) patients.
 Moreover, a preferential usage of specific genetic elements has been shown in different ALL subtypes: V delta 1 DJ delta 1 rearrangements predominate in T-ALL, while most B-precursor ALLs show a recombination of V delta 2 to D delta 3.
 Recently we have proposed a strategy for the detection of minimal residual disease (MRD) based on the isolation of clonospecific probes following the in vitro amplification of V delta 1 DJ delta 1 junctions by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and now have adapted this method to the preparation of specific V delta 2 D delta 3 fragments.
 In the present study, clonospecific probes were generated from 11 T-ALL and 16 cALL patients (21 children, 6 adults).
 The sensitivity of these 27 probes in detecting residual leukemia cells varied between 10(-4) to 10(-6) as determined by semiquantitative evaluation of dilution experiments.
 PCR analysis of 55 bone marrow (BM) and peripheral blood (PB) samples obtained from the 27 patients during complete clinical remission showed the following results: (1) Evidence for MRD was obtained in the BM of all patients (eight of eight) investigated 2 to 6 months after remission induction and also in 6 of 11 cases on maintenance therapy 7 to 19 months after diagnosis.
 (2) In contrast, all patients but one (10 of 11) analyzed 6 to 41 months after the termination of treatment lacked apparent evidence for leukemia DNA; the exception was a girl exhibiting 10(-4) to 10(-5) residual cells in her PB 5.5 years after diagnosis.
 (3) Longitudinal analysis in nine patients disclosed marked individual differences in the intervals between achievement of clinical remission and complete eradication of the leukemia cell clone.
 (4) Differences in the duration of MRD were not associated with distinct clinical-hematologic features.
 (5) Detection of residual disease by PCR proceeded clinical relapse in two cases.
