Autoantibody-encoding kappa L chain genes frequently rearranged in lambda L chain-expressing chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
 Patients with kappa L chain expressing chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) frequently have leukemia cells reactive with a murine mAb, designated 17.109.
 Raised against a monoclonal IgM rheumatoid factor autoantibody, this mAb recognizes a major kappa-L chain-associated cross reactive Id, designated 17.109-CRI.
 Molecular studies reveal that the 17.109-CRI in CLL is a serologic marker for expression of a conserved kappa L chain V region gene (V Kappa gene) of the V Kappa 3 subgroup, designated Humkv325.
 We isolated an upstream gene fragment of Humkv325 to examine for Ig gene rearrangements of this and other closely related V Kappa 3 genes by Southern analyses.
 Consistent with Humkv325 encoding the 17.109-CRI, we find that the genomic DNA from all 17.109-reactive leukemia cell populations have gene rearrangements that are detected using this probe.
 In addition, we observe V Kappa 3 gene rearrangements frequently in the genomic DNA of lambda L chain-expressing leukemia cells.
 Of the genomic DNA from 33 lambda-L chain-expressing CLL samples, 8 (24%) had additional nongerm-line bands detected with the Humkv325 probe.
 Consistent with these bands representing Ig gene rearrangements, the additional band in each but one sample also hybridized with probes specific for the J Kappa region and/or the kappa-deleting element.
 Using the polymerase chain reaction (PCR), we examined the genomic DNA from all lambda L chain-expressing CLL for V Kappa 3 gene rearrangements to J Kappa and/or Kde.
 PCR on each DNA sample with V Kappa 3 gene rearrangements detected by Southern analysis generated gene fragments that hybridized specifically with oligonucleotides corresponding to framework or CDR of the Humkv325 gene.
 Nucleic acid sequence analyses of representative samples confirmed that these DNA contained abortive Humkv325 gene rearrangements.
 PCR for rearranged V Kappa 3 genes in the DNA of other lambda-L chain-expressing CLL either did not generate any PCR product or produced fragments that failed to hybridize with all Humkv325 oligonucleotide probes.
 Nucleic acid sequence analyses of the latter demonstrated that these represent abortive V Kappa gene rearrangements involving another conserved V Kappa 3 gene, designated Vg.
 These studies indicate that Humkv325 and Vg frequently may undergo Ig gene rearrangement independent of their expression.
 As such, the frequent use of Humkv325 in CLL may be secondary, in part, to an enhanced propensity of this V Kappa 3 gene to undergo genetic rearrangement during B cell ontogeny.
