Choroideremia and deafness with stapes fixation: a contiguous gene deletion syndrome in Xq21.
 The study of contiguous gene deletion syndromes by using reverse genetic techniques provides a powerful tool for precisely defining the map location of the genes involved.
 We have made use of individuals with overlapping deletions producing choroideremia as part of a complex phenotype, to define the boundaries on the X chromosome for this gene, as well as for X-linked mixed deafness with perilymphatic gusher (DFN3).
 Two patients with deletions and choroideremia are affected by an X-linked mixed conductive/sensorineural deafness; one patient, XL-62, was confirmed at surgery to have DFN3, while the other patient, XL-45, is suspected clinically to have the same disorder.
 A third choroideremia deletion patient, MBU, has normal hearing.
 Patient XL-62 has a cytogenetically detectable deletion that was measured to be 7.7% of the X chromosome by dual laser flow cytometry; the other patient, XL-45, has a cytogenetically undetectable deletion that measures only 3.3% of the X chromosome.
 We have produced a physical map of the X-chromosome region containing choroideremia and DFN3 by using routine Southern blotting, chromosome walking and jumping techniques, and long-range restriction mapping to generate and link anonymous DNA sequences in this region.
 DXS232 and DXS233 are located within 450 kb of each other on the same SfiI and MluI fragments and share partial SalI fragments of 750 and greater than 1,000 kb but are separated by at least one SalI site.
 In addition, DXS232, which lies outside the MBU deletion, detects the proximal breakpoint of this deletion.
 We have isolated two new anonymous DNA sequences by chromosome jumping from DXS233; one of these detects a new SfiI fragment distal to DXS233 in the direction of the choroideremia gene, while the other jump clone is proximal to DXS233 and detects a new polymorphism.
 These data refine the map around the loci for choroideremia and for mixed deafness with stapes fixation and will provide points from which to isolate candidate gene sequences for these disorders.
