wii super paper mario help okay well i'm on chapter bogging to merlee's and i'm all the way at the end i'm using peach and her floating ability but i still can't get on to the platform so i can go down the warp pipe and get the key to the door i have to go through any other ways help i looked at my guide book for the game but it's no help in this area all i can say is keep trying step to the edge and use the floating ability to get there good luck Mario Super Mario Bros. 2 Princess Peach Super Mario 64 DS Mario series enemies Super Mario Bros. 3 Super Mario 64 Bowser Super Mario Bros. Goomba Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario All-Stars Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Paper Mario Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Wario Nintendo Comics System Luigi Super Mario World Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Super Mario remake series Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Yoshi's Safari The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Lakitu Mushroom Kingdom Boss (video games) Minus world Super Smash Bros. Mario Kart 64 Warp pipe Super Mario Advance 4 Chaos Emerald Super Mario Sunshine Nintendo GameCube Princess Daisy Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Super Mario Land Crash Bandicoot Mario Pinball Land Piranha Plant Koopa Troopa Mario Party Super Mario Bros. television series Mario Bros. Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Hammer Brothers Super Mario Kart Sonic the Hedgehog Banjo-Kazooie Super Sonic Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time Koopa Kid Super Princess Peach Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Nintendo Entertainment System Wario World Game & Watch Gallery Platform game Combine (Half-Life 2) Super Nintendo Entertainment System Crash Bandicoot: Warped Mario Superstar Baseball Wart (Nintendo) Mario vs. Donkey Kong Shadow the Hedgehog Nintendo Power Super Monkey Ball Shigeru Miyamoto Kirby Kirby's Dream Land Mario Party 3 Fire Flower Bubble Bobble Princess Zelda Donkey Kong Island Computer and video games Mario Party 6 Namco Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Mario Strikers Yoshi Mario Kart Super Circuit Video game music Koji Kondo Super Mario 128 Bob-omb Toadette Birdo Video game character The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Doki Doki Panic Professor E. Gadd Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Super Metroid Mario Kart DS Samus Aran 