what wii games should i get i am getting mario kart super smash bros brawl fifa medal of honor heroes are there any other games that i should be aware of i have zelda sonic mario strikers you could get zelda and superman Player's Choice Super Smash Bros. Melee Yoshi Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario 64 Nintendo GameCube Nintendo Power Koji Kondo Super Smash Bros. Lakitu Princess Peach Nintendo Bowser Princess Zelda Nintendo 64 Bob-omb Birdo Nintendo GameCube Game Boy Advance cable Wario Shigeru Miyamoto The Legend of Zelda series Super Mario Bros. 2 Ganon Luigi Link (Legend of Zelda) Super Mario Strikers Super Mario Bros. 3 Mario Kart Donkey Kong Mario Kart 64 Super Mushroom Boss (video games) Speedrun Super Mario 128 Video game character Diddy Kong Nintendo Comics System Video game music Super Mario Kart Goomba Interactive Achievement Awards Classic NES Series The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Super Mario Bros. television series Mario series enemies Koopa Troopa Computer and video game genres Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Mario Kart DS Chomp (Mario) Donkey Kong Junior Super Mario Sunshine Waluigi The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Super Mario World The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening characters Game Boy Advance Super Mario Bros. Trilogy Game Boy Wart (Nintendo) Koopa Kid Platform game Game & Watch Super Nintendo Entertainment System Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Intelligent Systems Super Mario All-Stars Nintendo Revolution Koopa Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Hyrule Castle Sonic the Hedgehog series History of video games (16-bit era) Master Sword Mario Bros. Mario Kart Super Circuit Paper Mario Super Mario remake series Hammer Brothers ROM hacking The Legend of Zelda (TV series) Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Fire Emblem Zelda II: The Adventure of Link Nintendo Entertainment System High score Fire Flower Damsel in distress Super Mario Bros. (film) Time attack Nintendo 64DD The Legend of Zelda Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Sonic the Hedgehog The Wizard (film) 