has anyone read has anyone read khaled hosseini novels is it true he's writing another book dreaming of titanic city not sure about a new book but his first one the kite runner is suppose to be releashed as a movie in november of this year The Kite Runner Neil Gaiman Frank Herbert Soviet war in Afghanistan Titans (comics) Modesty Blaise J. Michael Straczynski DC Comics Philip K. Dick Canon (fiction) Novel The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy as international phenomenon Indiana Jones The Fifth Element Khaled Mashal Eugene Onegin Films that have been considered the greatest ever K. W. Jeter Fighting Fantasy Game Books Tolkien fandom Children's literature The Foundation Series William S. Burroughs Librarian Philosophical skepticism Alice Liddell Robert Jordan Aldous Huxley C. S. Lewis Harold Bloom Gundam Manga and Novels Alice's Adventures in Wonderland The Man with the Golden Gun Stephen Baxter Jack Kerouac Book of Mormon Blade Runner The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Robertson Davies Stephen King Discworld Douglas Adams Fight Club Cyberpunk Themes in Blade Runner Doug Moench Kurt Vonnegut Nora Roberts Doctor (Doctor Who) The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Yu-Gi-Oh! Science fiction magazine Jack L. Chalker Mystery fiction Moby-Dick Doctor Who spin-offs Harry Potter Screenwriter Hugh Hood The NeverEnding Story (film) Tennessee Titans Paul Gallico Bod (television) The Sirens of Titan Literature John Updike Brazil (film) Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Mathematical logic Teen Titans Go Benjamin Franklin Resident Evil Youngblood J. K. Rowling Emanuel Swedenborg Isaac Asimov's Robot Series In Search of Lost Time The Giver The Chronicles of Narnia Star Trek: First Contact The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (film) Godzilla comics Sequel Alistair MacLean Babylon 5 Young adult literature LDS fiction You Only Live Twice Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Kirsty MacColl Jules Verne Publication of Darwin's theory Blade Runner (videogame) Android Anglo-Saxon literature James Blish Care Bears Logan's Run 