who make more trial attorney defense attorney district attorney doctor if you know the salary please tell me to need for something it all depends if they have all reached their full potential earning power i would say the district attorney would make the least and maybe the trial attorney would make the most pi there are exceptions all over the place though brain surgeons to general practitioners court appointed defense attorneys to oj like defense attorneys trial attorneys that chase ambulances to trial attorneys that take on the tobacco industry and last but in this case least district attorneys in podunk tx to district attorneys in new york ny i give the most respect by far to the doctor Lawyer Attorney at Law Attorney General Law & Order New Hampshire Supreme Court United States Attorney United States district court Government of Maryland Supreme Court of the United States Jury trial Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution Magistrate Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Law firm Professor Juris Doctor Appeal United States House of Representatives Jury Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Roe v. Wade Luther Martin Barrister Judge Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure Slander and libel Controlled Substances Act Same-sex marriage in the United States Physician Canadian House of Commons Public defender United States court of appeals Miranda v. Arizona United States Department of Justice Jim Garrison Prosecutor Terri Schiavo Hugo Black United States Senate Apothecary Graduate school Robert H. Jackson Executive Council of New Hampshire Fatty Arbuckle Notary public Johnnie Cochran Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer Nuremberg Trials Class action Hearsay CIA leak grand jury investigation Asbestos Federal government of the United States Government of Ohio Justice of the Peace Mock trial Patrick Fitzgerald O. J. Simpson Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 Cannabis rescheduling in the United States Attorney General for England and Wales Dick Thornburgh Earl Warren Parliament Act The Runaway Jury Article One of the United States Constitution National Health Service Paralegal 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Military tribunal Thomas Mesereau W. Mark Felt Government of India Plea bargain Alberto Gonzales Mike Espy Power of appointment Warren County, Ohio New York Supreme Court Law & Order: Trial by Jury Medical malpractice Abington School District v. Schempp Ohio county government Unlawful combatant Jack Thompson Plame affair Tort reform Roger B. Taney William M. Evarts Scopes Trial Surgery Salmon P. Chase Royal Assent Government of Florida Texas Alger Hiss Insurance Virginia Same-sex marriage in New York 