they took in god we trust off the new dollar coin that is rediculous they took off the in god we trust off the face of the new dollar coin if you hppen to get one of theses coins while shopping refuse it and ask for a dollar bill instead what do yuo think about this if you want the email that got forwarded to me just leave your email and it will be emailed to you shortly they took it off the face but it is around the side of the coin instead so it's not totally off of the coin just in a different place writing on the side of the coin e pluribus unum in god we trust p Obverse and reverse In God We Trust U.S. one dollar bill U.S. one hundred-dollar bill United States dollar Canadian dollar 13 (number) U.S. five-dollar bill Hong Kong dollar U.S. ten-dollar bill Legal tender U.S. twenty-dollar bill Yen Shogi Pataca Philippine peso New Zealand dollar United States dollar coin U.S. two-dollar bill Jamaican dollar Fischer Random Chess Singapore dollar Phishing Advance fee fraud Gresham's law Professional wrestling holds E. Peterbus Unum Gold standard U.S. fifty-dollar bill Mexican peso Krugerrand Email authentication Coin flipping Divine grace Sacagawea Dollar Euro coins Argentine peso Vending machine American Gold Eagle Billiards Coin Baccarat Coin die Great Seal of the United States Dollar Farthing (coin) Retronym Make money fast CFP franc Nickel (U.S. coin) Counterfeit Australian dollar E-mail spam Salvation Army Dime (U.S. coin) British coin Guinea Friend-to-friend Viral marketing Article One of the United States Constitution Banknote Coin Coalition Michael Savage (commentator) Plame affair Magic (illusion) Money Liberty Dollar Canadian five-dollar bill Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man Royal Canadian Mint SL Benfica Play-by-mail game History of the British penny (1714-1901) Professional wrestling throws 1933 Double Eagle United States coinage Hyperinflation Slot machine Ali Seated Liberty Dollar United States 1 (number) Post Office Protocol Ex-gay United States Mint Maneki Neko Second Life Romanian leu Muslim ibn Aqeel Bahamian dollar Pitcairn sexual assault trial of 2004 Silver Certificate Pound sterling Trusts and estates Ringgit Outlook Express Jacob Baht Shopping cart He whom God shall make manifest 