ive been debating if i should get mario strikers charged for the wii well i dont know if its worth the money i mean i liked the first but i just dont know if i want another ive got the game and its really fun for the first week or so but the only problem is that it gets too repetitive if your wii has access to the internet then i would recommend it as being able to play it online makes it a much better game d Wario Ives Manufacturing Company Chess EverQuest Computer and video games Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection MMORPG Mario Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Ultima Online Wayne Rooney Video game controversy Charles Ives America Online Super Mario Sunshine RuneScape Super Mario Strikers ELO rating system Multiplayer Winning Streak Internet Bulletin board system F.C. United of Manchester Super Mario 64 Mario Lemieux Video game music Nintendo Power Xbox Live Gothic metal RuneScape Mini-Games Super Nintendo Entertainment System Halo: Combat Evolved Paul W. S. Anderson Magic: The Gathering Online Mario Kart DS Alex Ferguson Mario Bros. Racing game Wheel of Fortune Contract bridge Nintendo Revolution IPod $ale of the Century Anne Boleyn Family Feud PlayStation 2 Super Mario All-Stars Clan (computer gaming) Boss (video games) Electronic voting Nintendo GameCube Chess terminology Steam (content delivery) Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Mario series enemies Nintendo DS Something Awful 20th century classical music Princess Peach Lottery Newcastle United F.C. Advertising Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Bowser Powergaming Denis Law Wargaming Nintendo Super Mario Bros. 3 Draw (chess) Match Game Hollywood Squares Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Homestar Runner Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Micropayment Blackjack Computer and video game genres Windows XP Password Toad (Nintendo) Page widening World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade Sega Chain Reaction (game show) Correspondence chess Internet Chess Club Leeds United F.C. Coin collecting 1995 Quebec referendum RuneScape cheats Counter-Strike Super Mario 128 Cartridge (firearms) Jeopardy! Nintendo Entertainment System Stuttering Birdo 