what should i do to improve my spoken english who want to make me friends my english is poor so i want to make progress through yahoo messenger thank you you should do a lot of excerse by english and speak with your friends you should read book because it helps you to improve your english The Pilgrim's Progress English grammar The Apprentice 2 Instant messaging History of the English Bible Grammatical mood Nation of Islam Yahoo! Messenger Opus Dei Cantonese (linguistics) Spanish verbs Dyslexia Esperanto as an international language The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin Swahili language Chinglish Aldous Huxley Spanish pronouns The Giver Hiberno-English Prophets of Islam Comparison of instant messengers Frederick Douglass Mohawk language Finnish language History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) Okay African American Vernacular English Franklin (television series) Thus Spoke Zarathustra Religious perspectives on Jesus Sesotho language Miranda IM Henry Dunant Nicholas Cardinal Wiseman Portuguese Creole Francis Crick Paul Wellstone Tanakh Pitaten Contemporary culture of South Korea Hong Kong English Isaac Casaubon Ellen G. White Aphasia Cardcaptor Sakura German language History of Test cricket (to 1883) Propaedeutic value of Esperanto Development of Darwin's theory Afrikaans South African English Interlingua Booker T. Washington Hindi Printing press J. R. R. Tolkien Heinrich Schliemann Marshall McLuhan Objectivist poets John Bunyan George Orwell Weight training Religious Society of Friends The Discovery of Heaven Eli Siegel Pride and Prejudice Indian writing in English Speed reading Dutch language Flemings Everyman Spanish language Japanese name Spelling reform Rich Mullins ICQ Borderline personality disorder Thinks ... Blackburn Rovers F.C. Messaging spam Languages of Hong Kong Marcel Proust Anna Karenina British English Initial D The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc Short message service Linguistics and the Book of Mormon Usury Benjamin Franklin Walter J. Ong Father Divine Reggie White Yu-Gi-Oh! GX M__ori language Honor__ Mirabeau Moomin 