i want to make a new yugioh deck can you list what theme you think i should make there are plenty of themes out there in the world of yugioh lol there's a warrior zombie gravekeeper crystal beast monarchs etc just look at a bunch of sites for ideas try not to net deck though the most respected duelists are the ones who come up with new ideas be creative try these popular sites for good ideas have fun www metagame com http yugioh tcgplayer com Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Magic: The Gathering Duel Disk Video game music Blood (computer game) Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Bastion Misawa Dragon Ball Ryo Bakura Duelist Kingdom Duelists' Convocation International B3ta Virtual Realm BitTorrent World Wide Web Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yugi Mutou MegaMan NT Warrior Chazz Princeton Apache HTTP Server HyperText Transfer Protocol Futurama Jaden Yuki MSN Messenger The Brady Bunch Robert A. Heinlein Denial-of-service attack Wget Game design Fan fiction Science fiction Star Trek Customizable Card Game Jeopardy! Electronic commerce LOL (Internet slang) Scooby-Doo MegaMan Battle Network (video game) L'Arc-en-Ciel Indian English The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Xiaolin Showdown Table tennis Pok__mon Trading Card Game Paul W. S. Anderson Walt Disney World Resort Orc Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Domain Name System Duel Masters Little Shop of Horrors World Heritage Site President (game) The Fantasy Trip Frigate Waking the Dragons Castlevania: Harmony of Dissonance Dungeons & Dragons Miniatures Game Final Fantasy Collectible card game Protoss Relient K Web server RuneScape quests Team Fortress Classic Resident Evil Planeshift (Magic: The Gathering) Internet Website Rafael (Yu-Gi-Oh!) David Williams (card player) Mafia (game) Shen Gong Wu Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Phonograph Gupta Empire The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Digital art Homestar Runner Uniform Resource Locator Mortal Kombat Neopets Frank Herbert Resident Evil (video game) Doctor Who G.I. Joe Uncyclopedia Mao (game) Warrior (wrestler) Creativity MegaMan.EXE Spyware Zombie Discworld MUD Draw poker 4th Edition (Magic: The Gathering) Mozilla Firefox Tarot Representational State Transfer International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement 