can you give me the name of the cards magic trap and spell which can help my dark magician girl in duels reasoing to ss dark magician of chaos or dark magvician aprentice magician engine Yugi Mutou Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Waking the Dragons Duelist Kingdom Virtual Realm Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Yu-Gi-Oh! Bastion Misawa The Winged Dragon of Ra Magic (paranormal) Chazz Princeton Ryo Bakura Negima Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Marik Ishtar Wizard Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters Rafael (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Incarnations of Immortality Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Seto Kaiba Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) Maximillion Pegasus Duel Disk Magic (illusion) Magic Knight Rayearth Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Mahou Sentai Magiranger Elemental Alister (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Diablo II Chaos magic Dartz Anzu Mazaki Card magic Cutey Honey Egyptian God Cards Warhammer Fantasy Battle Slayers Final Fantasy (video game) Link (Legend of Zelda) Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Magic: The Gathering Jaden Yuki Paul Is Dead Earthsea Alaga__sia Blue-Eyes White Dragon Horus Heresy Timeline of magic Lycanthropy Chaos (video game) Cardcaptor Sakura The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Choronzon Unglued Scarlet Witch Noah Kaiba RuneScape Riftwar Yu-Gi-Oh! GX MapleStory HeroQuest (board game) Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Bastard!! Orichalcos Kingdom Hearts Exposure (magic) Witchcraft Chao (Sonic the Hedgehog) Bard's Tale (1985) Boss (video games) Warcraft III Dark Art Intellectual rights to magic methods Aladin Force (Star Wars) Winx Club Alone in the Dark (series) Harry Houdini RuneScape weapons Fritz Leiber Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem The Chronicles of Narnia Duel Masters Zatara Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War Coin magic Races in the Warcraft universe The Books of Magic Magic and religion Ragnarok Online Kyukyu Sentai GoGo-V Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Sawing a woman in half Katsuya Jonouchi Diablo (computer game) 