did you know that they finally created a question section for the italian football team and their clubs now u can answer questions on italian players such as materazzi and clubs like ac milan and inter it's sooo great it's also the official page of the winning italy wc team check it out http answers yahoo com dir ylt aqhutfwouuam htavy urhnkxqt link list sid lol good one juventina however mine is better lol hey thanks i haven't laughed so much in ages see what i mean its pretty funny a ac milan fan pin pointing another club for cheating given ac milans history for fixing matches juventina that links for people like you they bleong their not him Internazionale UEFA Champions League Roberto Baggio Italy national football team Norway national football team The Football League Hellas Verona F.C. Andriy Shevchenko Celtic F.C. Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Futebol Clube do Porto Serie A Real Madrid Alex Ferguson Dennis Bergkamp Newcastle United F.C. I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue FC Barcelona RC Strasbourg Portsmouth F.C. Denis Law Valentino Mazzola Giuseppe Meazza Luis Figo February 2005 in sports Gianni Rivera Everton F.C. Gabriel Batistuta Christian Vieri Aston Villa F.C. Football (soccer) Football World Cup 1990 Marco van Basten Stadio Giuseppe Meazza Jock Stein Juventus F.C. 2004 European Football Championship Gaelic football America's Cup Essendon Football Club LOL (Internet slang) Ronaldo New York Giants Australian rules football Toronto Maple Leafs Dino Zoff Paolo Maldini Football in Italy Salvatore Schillaci Sven-G__ran Eriksson Liverpool F.C. Brazil national football team Ultras Torquay United F.C. A.S. Roma West Bromwich Albion F.C. Chelsea F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. S__o Paulo Futebol Clube Troms__ I.L. Shawn Michaels April 2005 in sports Bundesliga (football) Dundee United F.C. West Ham United F.C. Sex Pistols Olympique de Marseille Wim Jonk Milan Baro__ Fulham F.C. October 2004 in sports Rugby league Football World Cup 1970 Palindrome R.S.C. Anderlecht Torino F.C. Italian football league system Match fixing Have I Got News For You FC Inter FA Cup Maccabi Haifa F.C. UEFA Champions League 2005-06 RuneScape cheats Eddie Guerrero Milan Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Football culture Violence in sports Mark Calaway Boca Juniors Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. FC Zwolle September 2004 in sports IFK G__teborg Steve McManaman European/South American Cup 