what to look foward to in the womens world cup classic football check out whos the hottest possibly another striptease on a winning penalty kick what do u guys look foward to during this you call that a striptease lol i look forward to a us victory great matches are expected of course but the us must bring home the trophy FA Cup Rugby union Alan Shearer England national football team League Cup Bryan Robson Alex Ferguson Blackburn Rovers F.C. Canadian football David Beckham Rugby football Football World Cup Football (soccer) Germany national football team Penalty shootout (football) Football World Cup 1966 Norway national football team Brazil national football team Torquay United F.C. Ice hockey Australian rules football UEFA Champions League Football World Cup 1974 Portsmouth F.C. Football World Cup 1990 Troms__ I.L. Football World Cup 1994 Italy national football team Jack Charlton Rugby league David Cooper (footballer) Toronto Maple Leafs Newcastle United F.C. Australia national football team 1966 World Cup Final R.S.C. Anderlecht Bobby Charlton Football World Cup 1982 Peter Shilton Graeme Souness Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Arsenal F.C. Australian national rugby union team Geoff Hurst West Bromwich Albion F.C. Andriy Shevchenko Tiger Cup Gordon Banks Cork City F.C. Manchester United F.C. Stanley Cup Bristol Rugby Celtic F.C. 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Football World Cup 1978 Chelsea F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Field hockey Water polo Essendon Football Club Roberto Baggio Manchester United 1986-1999 Pel__ Ryder Cup May 2005 in sports The Football League Alan Hansen Hyde United F.C. Real Madrid Internazionale Davis Cup Paul Ince Wrexham A.F.C. Rangers F.C. John Aldridge Rugby league positions Women's football (soccer) IFK G__teborg Grey Cup Tranmere Rovers F.C. History of rugby union Football World Cup 1950 International cricket in 2005 Bundesliga (football) Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium British Home Championship History of Arsenal F.C. Phil Neal Futebol Clube do Porto Football World Cup 1970 Nigel Winterburn Football in England Penalty kick (football) History of rugby league 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Football World Cup 2002 September 2005 in sports Super Bowl XXXI 