what do you think of juninho pernambucano donot you agree that he is a bit underrated i know that lyon is a very good club iam really a fan of it but i think he deserved to play in a better club league like ac milan barcelona real madrid man utd etc what do u think robert j by a quick look at ur questions including that one about brazil being overrated i can say now that you know nohing about football i mean nothing yes thats what i was saying a while back he is underrated havent seen much of him in the brazil team eaither i think he could of fitted in well at arsenal UEFA Champions League Real Madrid Manchester United F.C. David Beckham Alex Ferguson Ronaldo Luis Figo 2004-05 in English football FC Barcelona Newcastle United F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Everton F.C. Middlesbrough F.C. Local derby Futebol Clube do Porto 2002-03 in English football Olympique Lyonnais Celtic F.C. Robert Pir__s Chelsea F.C. Internazionale The Football League R.S.C. Anderlecht Dundee United F.C. 2005-06 in English football August 2005 in sports S__o Paulo Futebol Clube Aston Villa F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Football World Cup 1982 Frank Rijkaard Steve McManaman Michael Owen England national football team American football Roberto Carlos da Silva Cruzeiro Esporte Clube RCD Espanyol Farnborough Town F.C. Sport Club Corinthians Paulista February 2005 in sports Current sports events Portsmouth F.C. Liverpool F.C. Roberto Baggio FIFA Club World Championship Wigan Athletic F.C. Euroleague Michael Laudrup September 2005 in sports West Bromwich Albion F.C. Arsenal F.C. Alfredo Di Stefano La Liga Cristiano Ronaldo Olympique de Marseille West Ham United F.C. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Spanish Second Division B Dennis Bergkamp Zin__dine Zidane December 2004 in sports April 2005 in sports Manchester City F.C. FA Cup Luton Town F.C. Patrick Vieira October 2004 in sports 2003-04 in English football Viv Anderson Atl__tico de Madrid IFK G__teborg Galatasaray September 2004 in sports A.C. Milan Athletic Bilbao Club Atl__tico San Lorenzo de Almagro Kenny Sansom Milan Major football rivalries Guus Hiddink New York Giants National Football League November 2004 in sports Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United FC Rostov Futsal 2001-02 in English football Marc Overmars Newell's Old Boys Lech Pozna__ Nicolas Anelka Leeds United F.C. Alan Hansen Queens Park Rangers F.C. European Footballer of the Year Aberdeen F.C. Valencia CF Jack Charlton 