what on average should a bar manager make in a night club depends on the type of club how expensive it is and the crowds that are involved it also depends on what kind of person you are and how well you can make the club successful weekly pay could easily range from to depending on the location of the club new york chicago vs stillwater ok or somewhere like that Nightclub House music Mutual fund Stillwater (town), New York Credit card Chicago Cubs Concerto Life insurance Tri-Stat dX Slot machine Illegal drug trade Minor league baseball Scottsdale, Arizona Stillwater, Minnesota Drug test World Series Boston Red Sox Kayak Tax Salary Amtrak Students' union Oakland Athletics Blackburn Rovers F.C. Stonewall riots University of York Diving cylinder Radio controlled airplane Queen (band) Chelsea F.C. Essendon Football Club Chicago White Sox Caddy Welding Seventh Sea (collectible card game) Negro league baseball Aston Villa F.C. Babe Ruth Waste management Solar cell Anastacia (singer) Restaurant Sport in the United Kingdom Disc jockey Fran__ois Kevorkian National Association of Base Ball Players Model aircraft Anchor Microeconomics Alex Ferguson Super League (Australia) Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Student loan Insurance Mountaineering Archery Softball International League Barrister Webb, New York Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game Wal-Mart Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Notts County F.C. Golf club (equipment) Transformer Pottery DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution Football (soccer) Queen Street West Trademark Stillwater, Oklahoma Blackjack Toastmasters International David Cooper (footballer) Dundee United F.C. Bulk vending Uptown, Minneapolis New York Mets Newcastle United F.C. Raith Rovers F.C. Van Halen National Football League Psychotherapy C__ile Ferate Rom__ne Norwich City F.C. Bicycle The Apprentice 1 Manchester United F.C. Club South Australian National Football League Celtic F.C. Club (weapon) Freddie Mercury Efficiency wages Citigroup Sunderland A.F.C. RuneScape Rail tracks 