what are the four states with capitals named after presidents jackson mississippi jefferson city missouri madison wisconsin lincoln nebraska Jefferson City, Missouri American Civil War Lowest-income counties in the United States Democratic Party (United States) Missouri State university Abraham Lincoln Missouri River Jefferson Davis Nebraska Lincoln, Nebraska Ninety-fifth United States Congress Confederate States of America Sixty-second United States Congress Ninety-sixth United States Congress Phi Kappa Psi Thirty-second United States Congress Mississippi River Wisconsin Henry Clay U.S. state James K. Polk National Historic Landmark U.S. National Cemetery Jackson, Mississippi Louisiana Purchase Missouri secession President of the United States Lists of U.S. county name etymologies Lost counties, cities, and towns of Virginia Wisconsin Territory Stephen A. Douglas Republican Party (United States) Midwestern United States Origins of the American Civil War 109th United States Congress Trail of Tears History of the United States (1789-1849) Louisiana Student Association of Missouri Lambda Chi Alpha James Monroe Saint Louis, Missouri Indian Removal Michigan Territory United States district court United States federal judicial district James Madison Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act Madison, Wisconsin United States Attorney Iowa Democratic-Republican Party (United States) Kentucky Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad Sixty-third United States Congress Episcopal Church in the United States of America Delta Gamma State supreme court Andrew Jackson Historic regions of the United States South Dakota Quincy, Illinois Illinois African Americans in the United States Congress Local access and transport area Sigma Nu Daniel Chester French 108th United States Congress 107th United States Congress Jefferson County, Missouri BNSF Railway Holidays of the United States Dred Scott v. Sandford St. Louis County, Missouri Mississippi Sixtieth United States Congress Robert E. Lee Chicago and North Western Railway University of Missouri - Columbia College town Counties of the United States Ohio River Air Wisconsin Indian Removal Act Border states (Civil War) Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod Martin Van Buren Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Lakota Zeta Tau Alpha Minneapolis-St. Paul Battle of Wilson's Creek Thomas Jefferson United States Washington, D.C. Carl Schurz Southern Democrats Arkansas Saint Charles, Missouri 