distress call mayday s o s means save our souls ok means zero killed does anyone know the exact meaning of the word mayday when used in a ditress call and its origens mayday is an internationally understood distress call invented by the english who erroneously thought that m'aidez was french for 'help me' during the 's and 's french was more of an international language than english was hence this adaptation unfortunately in france they would say 'aidez moi' not 'm'aidez' however the call sign has been universally adopted s o s can mean 'save our souls' or more likely 'save our ship' again adopted due to it's simplicity in transmitting by the oldest written references to 'ok' result from its adoption as a slogan by the democratic party during the american presidential election of their candidate president martin van buren was nicknamed 'old kinderhook' after his birthplace in new york state and his supporters formed the 'ok club' Mayday SOS Okay James K. Polk Whig Party (United States) President Third party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1844 Vice President of the United States Kinderhook (town), New York Democratic Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2004 U.S. presidential election, 1836 Distress signal Global Maritime Distress Safety System U.S. presidential election, 1860 U.S. Electoral College Trail of Tears Code word Franklin Pierce Marine VHF radio U.S. presidential election, 2000 History of Chad Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Republic Morse Code Politics of the United States Democratic National Convention Republican Party (United States) Election Samuel J. Tilden Green Party (United States) Central African Republic elections, 2005 International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea History of the United States (1789-1849) President of Ireland U.S. presidential election, 1984 John Adams U.S. presidential election, 1948 U.S. presidential election, 1964 Manually Coded English Silas Wright Federalist Party (United States) Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution U.S. presidential election, 1912 Treaty Culture Free Soil Party Realigning election President of Germany Acting President of the United States Politics of Belarus Hubert H. Humphrey Dixiecrat Socialist Party (France) Republican National Convention U.S. presidential election, 1972 ROC presidential election, 2004 U.S. presidential election, 1996 Call for help Socialist Party of America Kinderhook (village), New York U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 UN Security Council Resolution 242 Canadian federal election, 2004 Guinea-Bissau presidential election, 2005 May Day Infant baptism Quebec Plurality electoral system Red state vs. blue state divide Politics of the Republic of China Hungarian language U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 French language U.S. presidential election, 1976 Taiwan independence U.S. presidential election, 1960 Joe Lieberman Quebec French U.S. presidential election, 1992 Jean-Marie Le Pen U.S. presidential nominating convention Head of state Kuomintang French Communist Party Government of France Orange Revolution Communist Party USA Origen Ukrainian presidential election, 2004 Edmund Muskie Jerry Brown Salmon P. Chase Democratic-Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2008 