any opinions on bar in saint ignace mi and where they serve up a good whitefish sorry don't have any suggestions or opinions Ignacy Jan Paderewski Kenora District, Ontario Whitefish, Montana Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin Whitefish (genus) St. Marys River (Michigan-Ontario) Prentiss M. Brown Flag of Alabama Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution Great Lakes Supreme Court of California Upper Peninsula of Michigan Fish and chips Alberto Gonzales Seminole Tribe v. Florida Supreme Court of the United States Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan John Paul Stevens Gefilte fish Ruth Bader Ginsburg Lutefisk President of the Church (Mormonism) Saint Slashdot subculture Good Morning, Vietnam Le Sud-Ouest Sudbury District, Ontario Mary, Queen of the World Cathedral Saint Christopher Christian anarchism First Amendment to the United States Constitution Day-Age Creationism Matthew Good Francis of Assisi AS Saint-__tienne MGM Studios, Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd. Maximum likelihood Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario Christian eschatology Artemisia Gentileschi Flat Earth Church of Christ V__nern Priesthood (Mormonism) Gospel of John Ojibwa Liam Gallagher Merit Outsourcing Gladys Knight Bulgarian language Ann Coulter Cardinal electors in Papal conclave, 2005 Don the Beachcomber The UN Security Council and the Iraq war Escanaba, Michigan Don Budge Book of Job Advocacy journalism Turing test Pope Pius XII Schapelle Corby Roe v. Wade Gare du Nord Consensus Governor General of Canada Plame affair Robert McClelland (American politician) Rush Limbaugh Coffeehouse Cuisine of the Midwest Inflation Saint Peter Lawrence v. Texas Saint Joseph Saint Patrick Patriarch of Antioch Lake Sevan Rick Santorum WEWS-TV Condon Committee Weightlifting Mackinac Bridge Griswold v. Connecticut Marshal of France Charles de Salaberry Eva Marie Saint Tommy Lasorda Originalism College of Cardinals Ananda Mahidol Peter Goldsmith, Baron Goldsmith Simone Weil Finno-Ugric languages Theory of conduct Barred spiral galaxy Miscarriage of justice Race and intelligence (Public controversy) Scientific opinion on climate change 