whats the best ds game it has to be under dollars thanks will give best answer well i don't think there isn't much to chose from since most of the best games are but if you're willing to pay more than here are some amazing titles animal crossing wild world pokemon diamond pearl mario kart ds new super mario bros elite beat agents if these prices are too expensive for you you could buy used copies of these games Nintendo DS Wario Nintendo Super Mario Bros. Super Mario Kart Mario Nintendo 64 Luigi Pok__mon (video games) Computer and video games Mario Kart Pok__mon Nintendo Power Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Super Mario All-Stars Boss (video games) Diddy Kong Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Mario Kart DS Lakitu Koopa Troopa Mario Bros. Bowser Super Mario Bros. 3 Donkey Kong Yoshi Super Mushroom Super Mario remake series Super Mario Advance 4 Super Mario Bros. television series Birdo Mario series enemies Doki Doki Panic Toad (Nintendo) Koopa Kid Super Mario Bros. 2 Player's Choice Pok__mon (anime) Game Boy Nintendo GameCube E-Reader Mario Kart Super Circuit Princess Peach Mario Kart 64 Pok__mon FireRed and LeafGreen Super Mario World Game show Animal Crossing Platform game Koopa Tetris Attack Super Mario Bros. (film) Game Boy Advance Hammer Brothers Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Computer and video game genres Super Mario 64 Super Mario Land Donkey Kong Junior Pok__mon Emerald Super Mario Sunshine Koji Kondo Kirby Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Crash Team Racing Paper Mario Waluigi Goomba Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Mario 128 Bob-omb Warp pipe Mushroom Kingdom Crash Bandicoot Super Smash Bros. Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Pok__mon XD: Gale of Darkness Super Smash Bros. Melee Mario Andretti Mario Superstar Baseball Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Fire Flower Intelligent Systems The Legend of Zelda series Super Mario Strikers Shigeru Miyamoto Classic NES Series Speedrun Thwomp Donkey Kong 64 Roxette Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection Super Mario 64 DS Chomp (Mario) Game Freak Animal Crossing: Wild World Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Video game music The Wizard (film) Wart (Nintendo) 