how can i show my family that i'm responseible for a pet im nuts about pets but at first my parents didnt let me keep anything but goldfish however i started with plants keep a few nice and easy household plants and try to keep them alive they are one of the closest things to a pet also you could research a lot on the internet before you get a pet you have to anyway if you have a passion for pets you'll find it really fun when i was little i found good reasons why to get a hamster from my research and told mom and dad dad did you know the more you get them interested the more they'll be convinced when they finally get you at least a small pet work your way up i went from plants to goldfish to turtle to finch to hamster to parakeet the size goes bigger as your parents trust you and realize you could really take care of pets few warnings are to make sure you know how much money you're going to invest in buying the pet and supplies you're going to pay every month for bedding food vet check ups etc also make sure you dont get a boring pet it may really excite you at the thought of getting a pet but as soon as you have a few months believe it or not you'll get tired of it some time some pets last a lifetime make sure poor fido doesnt end up in the pound because you stopped loving him be willing to dedicate a lot of time to your pets my mom was disgusted by pets but know she loves them and smoochies them and actually offers to clean the cage its really amazing how parents change their mind d i dont understand them but i dont think your parents arent as strict as mine it doesnt really take much to show that you've got what it takes Hamster Garfield Shaggy dog story The Fairly OddParents About a Boy Fancy rat Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Social rule Vicky (The Fairly OddParents) The Amazing Race Mr. and Mrs. Turner Neopets W.I.T.C.H. Futurama (TV series - season 5) Pet skunk Butters Stotch Kodocha The Adventures of Pete & Pete The Young Ones (TV series) Futurama (TV series - season 2) Viz (comic) Pet RuneScape quests Eric Cartman Sin City Friends Pet store Pet Sounds Saved by the Bell American Dad! Rocko's Modern Life Avenue Q Recurring South Park characters Guinea pig Grandview, U.S.A. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Teacher's Pet (Disney) Canary W. Daniel Hillis Humphrey Bogart Domestic rabbit Jean Grey Married... with Children Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Past teachings of Prem Rawat Milton H. Erickson Cosmo and Wanda The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Family Guy Back to the Future Great Teacher Onizuka The Life and Times of Juniper Lee My Parents are Aliens Make money fast KaBlam! Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Terri Schiavo Microeconomics Pitaten Pet Shop Boys Piccolo Junior Saga Sant Thakar Singh One Tree Hill (TV series) Dead Like Me Phoebe Buffay's songs Kurt Cobain Franklin (television series) Education in Germany Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Charmed The Critic Athrun Zala Grief The Marshall Mathers LP Kim Possible: So the Drama Bart Sells His Soul Meat Loaf Okashina Okashi The Ashlee Simpson Show The Beach Boys Hillary Rodham Clinton Ron and Fez S.H.E Ferret Annuity Coin collecting The Catcher in the Rye Miss Saigon Futurama (TV series - season 4) Knots Landing God Emperor of Dune Hey Arnold! 