question for moms my hubby and i r tryin to get preg i was just wondering how long did it take u to become preg it didn't take me long at all but everyone is diffrent so don't worry if it takes you a while and you should become acquainted with your cycle and then you'll know when you are more likely to fall Time Out of Mind Pok__mon Live! Jon Secada Futurama (TV series - season 2) The Marshall Mathers LP Calvin and Hobbes Russian joke God Emperor of Dune Maybe You've Been Brainwashed Too The Honeymooners Teresa Heinz Kerry The Fairly OddParents Milton H. Erickson The Tracey Ullman Show shorts The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Mr. and Mrs. Turner Gump Roast 50 Cent Everclear (band) Rent (musical) Treehouse of Horror V Daz Dillinger Cindy Sheehan Ben Johnson (athlete) Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Grandview, U.S.A. What a Wonderful World Hey Arnold! America's Next Top Model Eminem All Summer Long Kyle Broflovski The Death Gate Cycle Live 8 Shut Down Volume 2 Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan Ja Rule Hustler Magazine v. Falwell Beat the Boots Yoko Ono The Arsenal of Freedom (TNG episode) The Apprentice 2 Timmy Turner Satchel Paige Futurama (TV series - season 4) Kodocha Shaggy dog story Social rule The Ersatz Elevator Marilyn Monroe Philosophical skepticism Shadow the Hedgehog Computus The Inside Ojibwe language Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb The Mansion Family Aladdin (1992 film) Soccer mom RuneScape quests Time The Lovely Bones Arabic alphabet Phil Anderson The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Ken Chu Karl Rove 1919 World Series Chapterhouse Dune The Regina Monologues Series finale Hip hop rivalries Tupac Shakur The dozens Singlish Splinter of the Mind's Eye Married... with Children I Am Sam Katelyn Faber Franz Schubert Pig (zodiac) CPU cache Highway 61 Revisited Ozone depletion Richard Feynman Animal Rights Diego Vel__zquez Futurama (TV series - season 5) Cartman Joins NAMBLA Master of Magic Endless Harmony Soundtrack Knots Landing Chinese calendar Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Infantilism You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol. 1 One Piece minor characters Avenue Q Moms Mabley 