creative title for my essay i need ideas on a title for my essay on defining what a war story is i wrote about tim o'brien's definition of it and brian turner's poetry any ideas for a really creative title i read the things they carried by tim o'brien how about a love story the reason i say that is because in the book it says it wasnt a war story it was a love story thats a direct quote so calling it a love story is a creative way of saying a war story by the way the quote is from paeg Literature Flann O'Brien C. S. Lewis The Things They Carried Frank Herbert Poetry T. S. Eliot Jack Kerouac Objectivist philosophy John Dryden Douglas Adams The Rocky Horror Picture Show Vladimir Nabokov James Joyce J. R. R. Tolkien Robert Creeley C programming language Captain Britain Poetic diction Science fiction Plagiarism Creative writing Deconstruction Screenwriting Lisp programming language Monty Python John Ruskin Henri Bergson Kitsch Secret Gospel of Mark Bertrand Russell Robert Graves Nineteen Eighty-Four Walter J. Ong Philosophy of language The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Steve Ditko Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Paradise Lost Aesthetic Realism Japanese poetry Walt Whitman Arthur C. Clarke Gary Snyder Anne Rice Marshall McLuhan American Parliamentary Debating Association Miracle John Updike Orson Scott Card Haiku Guy Davenport Martin Heidegger Creative Commons Alan Lightman Brian Coffey XML D. H. Lawrence Aldous Huxley Goodness and value theory William S. Burroughs Fox News Wole Soyinka Wendell Berry Harold Bloom Grant Morrison C__dmon Shakespeare on screen Chess (musical) William Butler Yeats Primus (band) Epistemology Open-source software Ezra Pound Goldstein's book Hugh Hood Robert Schumann Anatomy of Criticism Joseph Campbell Genre fiction Jorge Luis Borges Peter Lamborn Wilson Indian writing in English Rabindranath Tagore Samuel Taylor Coleridge Manga Eric Hoffer In Search of Lost Time William Carlos Williams Donald Hall Michael J. Bernard Max Stirner Mike Love Kenneth Koch Logo programming language John Cage Intellectual property 