setting out bibliographies is there a certain way a bibliography should be listed ie should websites or books be first or quotes etc thanks i think there are different ways of doing it but the way i was taught to list sources was alphabetically by the authors surname you should include the authors name the book title the publisher and the date published if you only used a short extract from the book you can include this also but it's usually not neccesary if you used a website that should be listed after the books e g paula bartley votes for women hodder stoughton chapters martin pugh electoral reform in war and peace routledge kegan paul www tchevalier com fallingangels bckgrnd suffrage Marshall McLuhan P. D. Ouspensky Biblical canon Didache New Testament Eric Partridge APA style Carl Jung Apocrypha I. A. Richards Bibliography Linguistics Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 6 Bertrand Russell Tacitus Arnold J. Toynbee Elections in the United Kingdom Family name New Zealand elections Book of Mormon Suffrage Orson Scott Card Internet Speculative Fiction Database Election A Song of Ice and Fire Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland Guinness A. L. Rowse British Fantasy Award Ann Coulter Ludwig Wittgenstein Unreformed House of Commons Brian Inglis D. H. Lawrence Chris Bonington Prince-elector Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 7 Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics Malta Book Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Discordianism Kemal Atat__rk Sk__neland Encyclopedia Archibald Prize 1632 series Constitution of Iraq U.S. presidential election, 1836 Mircea Eliade Ordo Templi Orientis Acts of the Apostles Karl Mannheim Politics of Israel Buddhist texts Binomial nomenclature Robert Jordan First Maori War Ben Sira Radicalism French Second Republic Book of Isaiah Charles Peirce Hans Reichenbach Charles Taze Russell Shorthand Historicity of Jesus Psalms Suffragette Papal election Cyrillic alphabet Fan fiction Henri Bergson Worldwide green parties Guy Davenport Collation BibTeX Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki Samuel R. Delany Genealogy Politics of Canada Chuck Palahniuk Saint James the Just Japanese writing system Japanese name Alan Villiers Politics of Mexico George Eliot E. A. Wallis Budge Feminism Gospel of John American Revolution ISBN Zygmunt Bauman History of Slovakia Brian Aldiss Ann Martin 