how do you write a book review i have to write two book reviews for my histroy class but i've never written any before is it like a book report where you summarizes the story or is it something else if you know any websites that has sample book reviews or tells you how to write one please tell me examples from the ones you've wrote are appreciated also the books that i have to write the book reviews are cold war by john lewis gaddis and guns germans and steel by jared diamond i would start off by stating the book title and author then write a little introduction about the author and how his her life influenced the novel write a brief introduction of the novel hit the high points the theme of the novel etc but don't go into a lot of details just give enough to make readers want to read the book then give my opinions on the book would i recommend the book to readers what books remind me of the book i' reviewing etc C. S. Lewis Book of Mormon James Joyce Jared Diamond Fight Club Mary Wollstonecraft The Bell Curve Narrator Anne Rice Frank Herbert Science fiction Gospel of John Extreme Programming Guns, Germs, and Steel The Chronicles of Narnia Collapse (book) Eugene Onegin Theory of conduct J. R. R. Tolkien George Orwell Gene Wolfe John Lewis Gaddis Ann Coulter Grant Morrison Creation according to Genesis Harold Bloom Don Rosa Jorge Luis Borges The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) John Lott James Bond King James Version of the Bible Whodunit Screenwriting Killian documents Donald Barthelme Novel Goldstein's book In Search of Lost Time J. D. Salinger GED Victorian literature Deconstruction Fictional book Literary criticism The Skeptical Environmentalist Chuck Palahniuk Condon Committee Children's literature George F. Kennan The Giver Linguistics and the Book of Mormon Drill bit The Spy Who Loved Me September 11 researchers Book of Esther Manga Danielle Steel Wikipedia Buddenbrooks Manic Street Preachers The Emancipation of Mimi Open access Michael Crichton The New York Times Marshall McLuhan The Catcher in the Rye New Testament The Washington Times Walter J. Ong Reservoir Dogs Wanda Tinasky A New Kind of Science Romance novel Storytelling Anthony Lewis Peer review All Quiet on the Western Front Cascading Style Sheets Marvel Comics The Standard History of the tank A.J.P. Taylor Deuteronomy Noam Chomsky Literature Ebook David Irving Finnish language Gospel Victor Davis Hanson Emotions (album) Orson Scott Card Leo Strauss The Brothers Karamazov Paul Gallico Canadian literature Three Laws of Robotics 