why gandhi and bhagath singh were against each other who is actually a real hero gandhi or bhagath singh gandhi was a man who was weak both in mind and in body he wanted partial independence bhagath singh joined chandra sekar azad group and fighted with violence with violence he asked full independence till that time gandhi supporters believed that gandhi was the real hero but when bhagath singh fighted against britishers inside the jail staying on fasting for more than days his support got increased the congress members also started to support bhagath singh in this scene ghandi got tensed and feared to loose his party men he changed his decision to have full independence if bhagath singh was not there in india then how india could have imagined complete independence i clearly say gandhi was not fit to call as father of nation he could have saved bhagath singh if he wanted but since bhagath singh was opposte party he signed the pact with britishers and he accepted to kill bhagath shame on gandhi how can he get all the name and leaving bhagath to die such man should might be hanged instead of one bullet shot Mahatma Gandhi Indian National Congress Quit India Movement Indira Gandhi Indian Independence Movement Mohammad Ali Jinnah Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Partition of India Indian National Army Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Indian nationalism Bhagat Singh Bharatiya Janata Party Khalistan Gandhism Air India Flight 182 P. V. Narasimha Rao K. R. Narayanan Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh Indian general elections, 2004 Sonia Gandhi Flag of India Terrorism in Kashmir India Muslim League Operation Blue Star 1984 Anti-Sikh riots Constitution of India E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ravi Shastri Nehru-Gandhi family Bangladesh Liberation War Kyoto Protocol Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 British Raj Vinayak Damodar Savarkar Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam Jawaharlal Nehru B. R. Ambedkar Rajput Terrorism in India National Federation Party (Fiji) Vishwanath Pratap Singh Swami Vivekananda Rajpramukh Indian Round Table Conferences 1931-1933 Sanjay Gandhi History of the Punjab Morarji Desai March 2005 in India Salt Satyagraha Pondicherry Hunger strike Aruna Asaf Ali Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) Janashakti Government of India Act 1935 Rajiv Gandhi Nathuram Godse Yugoslavia C. Rajagopalachari St. Stephen's College, Delhi, India George Washington Axis Powers Indian Air Force Chakravarti Rajgopalachari Suicide Khilafat Movement Allahabad Pacifism Rajendra Prasad Syama Prasad Mookerjee Motilal Nehru EastEnders Jayaprakash Narayan Foreign relations of India Guru Gobind Singh Bihar Anglo-Irish War Thunderbolts (comics) H. D. Deve Gowda Ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka Arzi Hukumate Azad Hind Prime Minister of India Mhow ROC presidential election, 2004 Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 Provisional Central Committee, Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) Irish Republicanism Sant Mat African National Congress History of India Indo-Pakistani War of 1947 Golda Meir Irish Civil War 