who i the man in the american cent coin i looked in the internet for the answer but icany find it jfk president john f kennedy John F. Kennedy John F. Kennedy assassination Robert F. Kennedy JFK (film) John F. Kennedy International Airport John F. Kennedy, Jr. Dealey Plaza State funeral of John F. Kennedy Warren Commission Ted Kennedy Kennedy assassination theories Cuban Missile Crisis John F. Kennedy Stadium Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. John F. Kennedy Memorial Highway House Select Committee on Assassinations Nickel (U.S. coin) United States coinage Dictabelt evidence relating to the assassination of John F. Kennedy United States dollar Philippine peso Jim Garrison President of the United States United States Mint Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon U.S. presidential election, 1960 David Ferrie Coin collecting Australian dollar Santo Trafficante, Jr. AirTrain JFK Kennedy half dollar Carlos Marcello Jesuit Ivy Mary Jo Kopechne Richard Nixon Thomas Jefferson John F. Kennedy Space Center Lyndon B. Johnson Berlin Wall Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. Cent (currency) David M. Kennedy Moon landing U.S. presidential election debates Presidential Medal of Freedom Kennedy family Penny (U.S. coin) American University Teachers (film) Civil Rights Act of 1964 John Kenneth Galbraith Patrice Lumumba PT boat Charles Haughey Anthony Kennedy Timeline of the American Civil Rights Movement Vincent D'Onofrio Lee Harvey Oswald Jean Hill Howard Beach Walter Cronkite Peter J. Brennan Coin Clay Shaw Airline hub Dwight D. Eisenhower Royal Canadian Mint Live Aid John Glenn Jamaican dollar Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor Euro coins Walter Matthau New Zealand dollar World's busiest airports by passenger traffic Bubba Ho-tep Detailed timeline of the assassination of John F. Kennedy Use of courtesy titles and honorifics in professional writing Men in Black Pan Am Flight 103 The Rush Limbaugh Show Dan Rather Wyatt Earp Edward Lansdale Hong Kong dollar TWA Flight 800 John P. Kennedy Arlington National Cemetery USS John Hancock (DD-981) They Might Be Giants Lying in repose The Terminal Robert F. Kennedy assassination 50 (number) Kennedy Expressway Italian lira Legal tender 