who is john d long lake named after in i think it's in n c could be s c but i think it's in n c i'd like to know the history of the lake and why it was named john d long lake thank you here is the best option a famous union county politician a state rep named you guessed correctly http politicalgraveyard com bio long html long john d b of union union county s c born march son of james gideon long and caroline naomi bobo long married to elizabeth anne holcomb democrat lawyer private secretary to u s senator coleman l blease member of south carolina democratic state executive committee member of south carolina state house of representatives member of south carolina state senate from union county member redmen presumed deceased burial location unknown and this explains why he was honored with a lake they should have named a tree after him http chicora org heritage not hate htm in when the u s supreme court ruled against the practice of exclusively white democratic primary elections john d long promised as for the negro voting in my primary we'll fight him at the precinct meeting we'll fight him at the county convention we'll fight him at the enrollment books and by god we'll fight him at the polls if i have to bite the dust as did my ancestors this was the same john d long who sponsored resolutions that placed the confederate flag over the house and senate rostrums the south does have their heroes United States House of Representatives James K. Polk United States Senate Congress of the United States Democratic Party (United States) Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 2000 Virginia North Carolina Politics of Canada Robert Byrd Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 James Buchanan Taunton, Massachusetts Canadian Senate Politics of the United States Martin Van Buren Southern United States Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 President of the United States John F. Kennedy U.S. presidential election, 2004 Article One of the United States Constitution Georgia (U.S. state) U.S. Senate election, 2006 British monarchy Same-sex marriage in the United States American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Philippine general election, 2004 NAACP 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges California government and politics Confederate States of America John C. Calhoun John Tyler Texas United States Constitution Howard Dean Florida Constitution John Edwards Karl Rove History of the United States (1789-1849) Same-sex marriage in Canada United States Constitution Australian Labor Party John Quincy Adams Canadian House of Commons Delaware Parliament of Canada Communist Party of Canada U.S. Senate election, 2004 Tennessee State Constitution John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Richard Bassett Franklin Pierce Jefferson Davis Andrew Johnson U.S. House election, 2006 Dixiecrat U.S. presidential election, 2008 History of the United States Constitution Equal Rights Amendment Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Second Amendment to the United States Constitution Barack Obama Maryland County Executive Election, 2006 Ken Blackwell Strom Thurmond Southern Democrats Indiana Monarchy in Canada Henry Clay President of Ireland Politics of the Netherlands U.S. presidential election, 1980 African Americans in the United States Congress Harriet Miers Illinois 2004 Democratic National Convention John McCain House of Lords Hawaii Warren G. Harding The Honourable Jeb Bush Marshall, Texas 