history about johnson which of the following facts about president johnson is not true a president johnson decided not to run for a second term as president b johnson denied general westmoreland s request that more ground troops be sent to vietnam c president johnson tried to negotiate a peace treaty with north vietnam d johnson s advisors agreed that the best way to win the war in vietnam would be to escalate the ground war niether b or d is true and it seems to me that ive already answered this question once see my previous answer m Vietnam War Tet Offensive Clark M. Clifford South Vietnam History of the United States (1964-1980) Melvin R. Laird Opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War Henry Kissinger Gulf of Tonkin Incident Vo Nguyen Giap Operation Rolling Thunder First Indochina War Legal status of Taiwan Kennedy assassination theories William Westmoreland U.S. presidential election, 1964 Plame affair Six-Day War Paris Peace Accords Vietnam Veterans Against the War War of the Pacific Sino-Soviet split Louis A. Johnson Robert McNamara Army of the Republic of Vietnam Gulf War Korean War Arthur Joseph Goldberg Ramsey Clark U.S. presidential election, 1968 Military history of the United States Barry Goldwater John F. Kennedy Pontiac's Rebellion Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe Robert F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson Anglo-Irish War Wesley Clark U.S. presidential election, 2004 Political status of Taiwan War of Attrition History of the United States Harold Brown (Secretary of Defense) Vice President of the United States Treaty of Versailles Canada and the Vietnam War Head of state Winter War James K. Polk Javier Solana Yom Kippur War War Downing Street memo National Front for the Liberation of Vietnam Lebanese Civil War Colin Powell Conscription in the United States Anglo-Irish Treaty Indochina Wars Cold War (1962-1991) Article Two of the United States Constitution Randy Johnson Darfur conflict Constitution of Ireland Sino-Vietnamese War Plame affair timeline Phoenix Program War of the League of Cambrai Military history of Canada United States Senate Patrick Hillery Karl Rove Modoc War Lewinsky scandal 2003 Invasion of Iraq Military opposition to the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji) Camp David Accords (1978) Palestine Liberation Organization History of Israel Winter Soldier Investigation League of Nations Veterans for Peace Anti-communism Polish September Campaign History of the Israel Defense Forces First Sino-Japanese War President of the United States Les Aspin U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Chinese Civil War History of the United States (1945-1964) United States House of Representatives Eugene McCarthy Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact Second Congo War Fulbright Hearing Geneva Conference (1954) Taba summit 