would patton has ever beaten the soviets if he was given the green light to do so no way patton is a great strategic officer but soviets were unbeatable Mike Patton Patton tank Battle of the Bulge Blitzkrieg Battle of Normandy Robert Conquest Office of Strategic Services Allied invasion of Sicily United States Army Dwight D. Eisenhower Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 Indian Army Soviet space program World War II European Theatre of World War II Larry McDonald Kim Philby U.S. Army War College J__zef Pi__sudski Soviet Union Western Front (World War II) Hogan's Heroes U.S. Third Army Operation August Storm Charlie Patton Great White Fleet Yom Kippur War George S. Patton U.S. Seventh Army Soviet military academies Patton (film) Biscari massacre Hasso von Manteuffel Franz B__ke NATO Operation Market Garden Maneuver warfare Louis A. Johnson Soviet Air Force The Curse of Fenric Central Asia United States Air Force Military strategy Condorcet method National Anthem of the Soviet Union M4 Sherman Battle of Berlin Bernard Law Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein Sepp Dietrich Eastern Front (World War II) Strategic Air Command Thomas S. Gates Jr. Six-Day War James R. Schlesinger Victor Perlo Japanese strategic planning for mainland Asia (1905-1940) Georgy Zhukov Espionage Patton Oswalt Japanese strategic planning for the Pacific (1905-1940) Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China Hero City Royal Navy Liu Bocheng Military science Worldwar Soviet Navy Battle of Warsaw (1920) Paul E. Patton The Great Game National Missile Defense Aerial refueling Athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics - Men's 4 x 100 metres relay History of Soviet espionage in the United States Iranian Army U.S. 82nd Airborne Division Military intelligence Reagan Administration Strategic Defense Initiative Mikhail Tal Elizabeth Bentley Ernie Fletcher Space Race Tunisia Campaign History of the Soviet Union (1985-1991) Israeli Air Force Franklin Schaffner Prague Offensive Siegfried Line Significance of Venona Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2 San Francisco 49ers Polish September Campaign Marshal of the Soviet Union Red Army Cold War President of the Soviet Union W__adys__aw Sikorski Culture industry Charles Erwin Wilson 