for the rarest yugioh card tyler the great warrior i was wondering is it for sale anywhere or where is it located also is it allowed in tournament duels another thing was does anyone know what the next sjc card will be after crush card tyler the great warrior is a one of a kind card was made thanks to make a wish foundation i think for a kid named tyler so i don't think he'll be selling it and for the second question i dont know Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Virtual Realm Aerosmith The Mary Tyler Moore Show Duel Disk Star Trek Customizable Card Game Waking the Dragons Magic: The Gathering Yugi Mutou First-person shooter Friends Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game Avatar: The Last Airbender Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Contract bridge Negima Topps Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Canasta Duelist Kingdom Cardcaptor Sakura Satchel Paige John Tyler MegaMan NT Warrior Jaden Yuki Survivor Series MegaMan Battle Network StarrCade Vegeta Card Sharks Citigroup Blue-Eyes White Dragon Seventh Sea (collectible card game) David Beckham $ale of the Century Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Alexis Rhodes Jennifer Lopez Hiroto Honda Mirrodin Liv Tyler Tenshinhan Bastion Misawa King of the Ring World Series Fight Club Robot Wars Digimon: Digital Monsters (anime) Pok__mon Trading Card Game Calvin and Hobbes Champions of Kamigawa Obi-Wan Kenobi Cleveland Browns Jeopardy! Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 3 James K. Polk Monty Hall problem Martial art Nintendo Wal-Mart Darksteel God Emperor of Dune The Kids in the Hall Cribbage Rafael (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Strange Days at Blake Holsey High Babylon 5 Bonnie Tyler Mahjong Karl Rove Hanafuda Piccolo (Dragon Ball) Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Credit card Dragon Ball The Great American Bash Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Playing card Obelisk the Tormentor Apple II family RuneScape Shao Kahn ABC Warriors Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Rave Master Tyler Hamilton Katsuya Jonouchi Mario Party series Armageddon (film) Betting (poker) Punch card Garth Brooks Texas hold 'em MAME Our Gang 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines 