r f my fun exoida deck plz cards deck pices of exoida emissary of after life dekoichi nimble momango spear cretian skegekel weker version of dekoichi sangan shallow grave messanger of peace upstart goblin scapegoat premature burial nightmare steal cage sorl mst heavy storm jar of greed coth t t ring of destruction mirror force reckless greed here is my exoida i used when ddt was real big months ago it went it lost to beatdown dang beatdown ohhh well wins lost tourney wins lost casual so take my advice this deck pwn's if u want to face it let me know see i have my side deck like royal decree spell acncler stuff to negate solem judgement i got to post it it looks like a solid exodia good job Yugi Mutou Seto Kaiba Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Virtual Realm Ryo Bakura Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Maximillion Pegasus Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Paul Levesque Mark Calaway Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Chazz Princeton Poker jargon Adam Copeland Planeshift (Magic: The Gathering) Jason Reso Professional wrestling throws Legions (Magic: The Gathering) Professional wrestling match types Charles Ashenoff Waking the Dragons Shen Gong Wu Professional wrestling slang Blackjack VS System Yu-Gi-Oh! Mercenaries: Playground of Destruction Jaden Yuki Pok__mon Trading Card Game Professional wrestling double-team maneuvers Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game Leon White Magic (illusion) Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Hulk Hogan Green Goblin Doomtown Draw poker Amy Dumas Egyptian Ratscrew President (game) Seventh Sea (collectible card game) Ravnica: City of Guilds Nikita Koloff Marik Ishtar Euchre Eddie Guerrero Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Scott Levy Aerys Targaryen Skat Shawn Michaels Wu-Tang Clan affiliates RuneScape quests Urza's Saga Slayers Professional wrestling attacks Goblin St. Louis Cardinals Solofa Fatu Alone in the Dark (series) Duel Disk Sheepshead Judgment (Magic: The Gathering) Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Bomberman 64 Tournament (medieval) Homunculi of Fullmetal Alchemist Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Urza's Legacy Rodney Anoai Jacqueline Moore Kurt Angle Sin City MapleStory Paul Wight Blue-Eyes White Dragon The Legend of Zelda series enemies American Pie (song) Chris Jericho Professional wrestling aerial techniques Ship A.J. Styles Alister (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Star Trek Customizable Card Game Game show Cruising (maritime) Tarot Oakland Athletics Dominoes Card Sharks Cheating in poker Fischer Random Chess Mutiny on the Bounty Gregory Helms Urza's Destiny Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Jamar Shipman 