bolshack dragon how much is it worth i have a bolshack dragon form the card game duel masters and i want to know how much it is worth and how to tell if it is in first edition if there is a first edition the hollow foil is worth about dollars or more it is a wanted card for duel master players the first edition i am not too sure about Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Virtual Realm Dungeons & Dragons Duel Disk Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Duel Masters Blue-Eyes White Dragon Egyptian God Cards Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters The Winged Dragon of Ra Seto Kaiba Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Magic: The Gathering Waking the Dragons Duelist Kingdom Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 2 Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 3 Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Fencing Legend of the Five Rings Ryo Bakura Slifer the Sky Dragon Talisman (board game) Yugi Mutou Cluedo Maximillion Pegasus Katsuya Jonouchi Jeopardy! Differences between editions of Dungeons & Dragons Blackjack Tic-Tac-Dough Golden Axe Hanafuda Obelisk the Tormentor Card game Legends (Magic: The Gathering) Collectible card game Star Trek Customizable Card Game Contract bridge The Joker's Wild Role-playing game Dungeon Master's Guide Solarquest Wheel of Fortune Monopoly (game) Bohnanza Player versus player Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Canasta Duel Zane Truesdale Akuma (Street Fighter) $ale of the Century RuneScape Chazz Princeton Bastion Misawa RuneScape skills Sugoroku Mutou Pok__mon Trading Card Game Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game Break the Bank Wang Chongyang Magi-Nation Duel Orson Scott Card Unhinged Alignment (role-playing games) Warhammer 40,000 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Legend of the Five Rings Role-Playing Game Rafael (Yu-Gi-Oh!) UNO (game) Mega Man Classic Double Dragon Anzu Mazaki Let's Make a Deal Mahjong GURPS Dartz Satchel Paige Alister (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Dragon Ball Z Ninja Gaiden Hearts (game) Mario Party series Dungeons & Dragons manuals Dragon Spades Confrontation ROOK Winning Streak Chess Beta (Magic: The Gathering) Valon Street Fighter Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Password (game) Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series anime) Call of Cthulhu (role-playing game) Piquet 