Leucine kinetics in patients with benign disease, non-weight-losing cancer, and cancer cachexia: studies at the whole-body and tissue level and the response to nutritional support.
 We have performed intraoperative isotopic infusions of carbon 14-labeled leucine in 65 patients to define the abnormalities in protein metabolism at both the whole-body and tissue level in patients with weight-losing and non-weight-losing cancer.
 Eighteen patients had benign disease, 26 had non-weight-losing cancer, and 21 had cancer cachexia.
 Samples of plasma and expired breath were taken to determine rates of whole-body protein synthesis (WBPS), whole-body protein catabolism (WBPC), net protein catabolism, and albumin fractional synthetic rates.
 Tissue samples were taken to determine the fractional synthetic rates (FSR) of protein in muscle, liver, cancer, and the tissue in which the cancer arose.
 In addition, in 14 patients the effect of nutritional support on protein metabolism was assessed.
 In all parameters examined we were unable to detect any significant differences between patients with no cancer and the patients with non-weight-losing cancer.
 In contrast, patients with cancer cachexia had a significant elevation (p less than 0.005) in WBPC compared with the other two groups.
 WBPS was also elevated (to a lesser extent) in the patients with cancer cachexia, and the rate of net protein catabolism was increased significantly (p less than 0.05).
 Patients with cancer cachexia also had significantly higher values of FSR of protein in muscle (p less than 0.05), liver (p less than 0.05), and albumin (p less than 0.01) compared with the other two groups.
 In addition, the protein FSR in the cancer rose progressively when the values for the primary cancer were compared with those for nodal and systemic metastases.
 Further, although nutritional support resulted in an increase in host muscle protein synthesis (p less than 0.04), there was no promotion of FSR of protein in cancer.
 We conclude that patients with cancer cachexia are actively losing protein as a result of an increase in WBPC that is only partially compensated for by an increase in WBPS.
 There are compensatory increases in protein synthesis in muscle and liver, but these increases in host protein synthesis are insufficient to keep pace with the combined effect of the accelerated rate of protein synthesis in the cancer per se and the accelerated rate of net protein catabolism at the whole-body level.
 In response to nutritional support, there is a significant increase in the muscle protein synthesis, but we could not demonstrate any increase in cancer protein synthesis.
