Identification of alloimmunized patients: use of radiolabeled allogeneic platelet kinetic measurements and platelet antibody tests.
 In a group of stable, nonthrombocytopenic leukemia patients awaiting bone marrow transplantation, results of paired allogeneic radiolabeled platelet kinetic measurements were correlated with the results of several different platelet and lymphocytotoxic antibody tests to determine which parameters could be used to identify patients who were alloimmunized to platelets.
 Seven patients with acute leukemia who had been transfused during induction therapy were used as the test group, and, as a control group, five untransfused patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia were also studied.
 Concurrent fibrinogen survival measurements were performed in all patients to assess whether hemostatic factor consumption (ie, disseminated intravascular coagulation) was present.
 Allogeneic platelet survival measurements were reduced from normal in all 12 study patients.
 In 8 of 12 patients, fibrinogen and platelet survival measurements were comparably reduced, suggesting disease-related platelet consumption.
 In four heavily transfused patients with acute leukemia, allogeneic platelet survivals were markedly reduced to less than or equal to 2.1 days, compared with the 3.5- to 7.4-day platelet survival measurements found in the other eight patients.
 The disproportionately short platelet survivals compared with fibrinogen survival measurements in these four patients, combined with documented positive antibody tests to their donors' platelets in the three patients with evaluable tests, suggested that these patients had become alloimmunized to platelets because of their prior transfusions.
 There was substantial concordance between the two radiolabeled allogeneic donor platelet survival measurements performed in each of these patients, suggesting that host rather than donor factors have a major influence on transfusion outcome (r = .93, P less than .001).
 The platelet cross-match tests, using the radiolabeled protein Staph A assay combined with the IgG enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay test, had the best correlation with the posttransfusion recovery and survival of the donors' platelets.
