do the drapes match the curtains omg oops lol you're right i soo messed up well u know ahaha coach lmao i have no idea why but that is hilarious i quickly read this and i thought it said do the grapes match the puritans Internet slang Object-oriented programming LOL (Internet slang) RuneScape slang and terminology B3ta Suplex Canadian Pacific Railway Puritan The Tortilla Curtain Soo Line Railroad The Grapes of Wrath Sport Club Corinthians Paulista David Bautista H. L. Mencken Badminton at the 1996 Summer Olympics Professional wrestling throws Jos__ Ra__l Capablanca Hilary Putnam Divine grace George Costanza Pure Pwnage Troms__ I.L. Hilary Duff Miracle on Ice David Firth Henry Moore Britney Spears Thomas Paine Arthur Machen Pittsburgh Steelers The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air Hey Jude Protestant Reformation Steve Coppell John Dryden Ireland national rugby league team Patrick Star Protestantism Roger Ebert's most hated films Grape Tabernacle Beyblade Social Darwinism World Championship Wrestling Sabbath Great Teacher Onizuka Hilary of Poitiers John Layfield Lol Coxhill Joke 10cc Volleyball V.F.D. The Damned History of the British constitution Erik Satie Trusted computing Roberto Baggio Denmark national football team Germany national football team John Locke Maurice Richard Formation (football) Saeed Anwar Four Horsemen (professional wrestling) Symphonie Fantastique Philosophy Brazil national football team Everton F.C. Cleveland Browns The Hobbit Oops!... I Did It Again (song) Eddie Guerrero Mixed martial arts Massachusetts Bay Colony Max Weber Alan Shearer American football strategy Manifest Destiny Team Fortress Classic Anatoly Karpov Malvasia Victorian fashion Gout Paul Levesque Gatorade New Zealand cricket team in Zimbabwe in 2005-06 Oops!... I Did It Again J. R. R. Tolkien Blackburn Rovers F.C. Grand unification theory Alley Oop History of cricket to 1696 Thomas Jefferson Unified Modeling Language H. G. Wells Military slang Tales from the Public Domain SonicStage Oh My Goddess! 