poll have you ever just felt like screaming yes yes yes i have Screaming Lord Sutch Primal Scream Opinion poll The Scream Match Game Howard Dean Prince (artist) Oasis (band) Geri Halliwell The Jam U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Love and Theft American popular opinion on invasion of Iraq Official Monster Raving Loony Party Autism OK Computer Screaming Trees Name change Israel's unilateral disengagement plan Harlan Ellison Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope John F. Kennedy assassination Scream 2 Darth Vader Monarchy in Canada British Columbia general election, 2005 Canadian federal election, 1993 Carry On films United Airlines Flight 93 Scream (film) Tom and Jerry (MGM) Banshee (comics) The Wedding Present Cape Breton Screaming Eagles Odelay Bermondsey by-election, 1983 Scream (band) Poll tax Football chant Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2005 Voter turnout 2004 Iowa Democratic caucuses Theodor Adorno Notable lines in the Star Wars series Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith Triple J Hottest 100, 1993 Scream 3 Spice Girls Log Cabin Republicans Yoko Ono Bill Hicks Wilhelm scream LaLa (song) O. J. Simpson Tears for Fears The Thirteenth Floor (comic strip) Exit poll Scenes from a Memory Unidentified flying object Scream of the Shalka When Doves Cry Come As You Are Push poll Muqtada al-Sadr Milgram experiment Slashdot subculture Bohemian Rhapsody Poison Idea StarCraft: Hybrid Pim Fortuyn The Shining (film) Smells Like Teen Spirit Manic Street Preachers Democratic Underground Brigadoon Stem cell The Dresden Dolls U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 USA PATRIOT Act J. R. R. Tolkien Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols Euroscepticism Unite the Right I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream Self-harm Rain Man Blonde on Blonde Courteney Cox Camille Th__riault Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents D'Angelo Bowl Championship Series Sevendust U.S. presidential election debates Vin Scully Rock and Roll Hall of Fame The Evil of the Daleks Van Houten family Steve Martin Salad Fingers 