you work three jobs uniquely american isn't it i mean that is fantastic that you're doing that hehe try for four you can do it actually i do remember bush saying that in the debates Extreme Programming Richard Perle U.S. presidential election debates Social Security (United States) Jeb Bush Tolkien fandom Fantasy U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Paul Hackett Margaret Thatcher W. Daniel Hillis Fantastic Tort reform Dan Quayle Transformers: The Movie Joe Simon Stan Lee Michael Dukakis Jack Kirby 2004 Republican National Convention Bill Clinton John R. Bolton American Parliamentary Debating Association History of fantasy Middle class Fantastic Dizzy Paul Krugman John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Alastair Campbell Walter Cronkite Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Karl Rove Ross Perot Fahrenheit 9/11 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities George W. Bush Rick Perry Teach the Controversy Bushism Plame affair Ari Fleischer Intelligent design movement Thomas R. Carper Class in the contemporary United States Sentry (comics) Maria Cantwell Pitaten Nuclear option (filibuster) Shaggy dog story Charles Ives Alexis de Tocqueville Institution Ocean Beach, New York U.S. presidential election, 2004 Talking point Mnemonic major system Chief Mkwawa Southern United States The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Mark Latham Unemployment Japanese literature Offshoring Spirited Away October Surprise Grant Morrison U.S. presidential election, 1992 George W. Bush presidential campaign, 2004 Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 John Updike Wall Street Intellectual capital History of the United States Anti-ballistic missile New Mexico Robert F. Kennedy Bass guitar Occupation of Iraq timeline U.S. presidential election, 2000 Pok__mon Live! Hillary Rodham Clinton Judith Miller (journalist) Vince Colletta Adventure game The Light Fantastic Vermont James Kochalka Frank Herbert A.I. (film) Debate Dave Reichert Supernatural Fantastic Four Political correctness Chic Stone North American Free Trade Agreement U.S. presidential election, 1988 Moses Survivor (novel) Philosophical skepticism Where's Wally? 