avatar game choose whos the polls and surveys dad polls and surveys mom polls and surveys hottie guy polls and surveys girl only froom the people who have answered this question hard n tende linda avenged bastianfold lisa b Opinion poll Match Game Same-sex marriage in Canada Statistical survey Calvin and Hobbes Kyle Broflovski The Adventures of Pete & Pete Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents Dexter's Laboratory Hey Arnold! British national identity card Atheism Cornish people Census Lisa Gets an "A" Cindy Sheehan Unidentified flying object Sexual orientation Teamo Supremo Poll tax 2003 Invasion of Iraq U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Phoebe Buffay's songs Gaia Online I Am Furious Yellow Margin of error Ultima IV Another World (TV series) Ren and Stimpy KaBlam! Divorce Voter turnout George H. W. Bush Family Feud Mr. and Mrs. Turner Public relations Joke Weekly World News Recurring South Park characters Big Brother (USA TV series) Sister, Sister (TV series) ROC presidential election, 2004 Bart Sells His Soul Lifetime Movie Network Unemployment Index of perception of corruption Education in the United States Sampling (statistics) Abortion Deep Throat (Watergate) Card Sharks Louis Riel Demographics of sexual orientation Monarchy in Canada Star Trek: Deep Space Nine 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, exit polls Marge vs. Singles, Seniors, Childless Couples and Teens, and Gays Rocko's Modern Life Domestic violence Bro'Town Masturbation Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious Lard of the Dance Avatar Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) Final Fantasy XI The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Springfield Elementary School Kim Possible Charmed Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner? 2005 Philippine electoral crisis Political privacy Treehouse of Horror V Right of abode issue, Hong Kong The Wack Pack Chilean presidential election, 2005 George W. Bush Simpson Tide Iraq War U.S. presidential election, 2004 Kurt Cobain GunBound Correlation implies causation (logical fallacy) American Dad! Simple Simpson Friends Palindrome Dutch referendum on the European Constitution Magical DoReMi Apple Lisa 2003 California recall Avatar: The Last Airbender Religion Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2005 John Forrest, 1st Baron Forrest of Bunbury Scientific opinion on climate change 