carlisle utd sack manager game into the season this seems a harsh decision on neil mcdonald http news bbc co uk sport hi football teams c carlisle united stm i saw carlisle crucify my beloved blackpool last week in a pre season friendly the team looked extremely solid and happy they got a decent enough start to the season a good draw away at walsall i know big sam was wanting him on the coaching staff at newcastle but he chose to stay loyal with carlisle what's mr story playing at to any blues fans out there i hope this doesn't affect your season too much after last seasons efforts i thought you looked strong candidates for promotion this year keep the faith good luck from the seaside any news on denis wise being sacked Newcastle United F.C. Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. 2001-02 in English football Kevin Keegan Crystal Palace F.C. Chelsea F.C. New York Giants West Bromwich Albion F.C. Torquay United F.C. Manchester United F.C. Leeds United F.C. Watford F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers New York Jets David Beckham Troms__ I.L. Sheffield United F.C. Carlisle United F.C. 2002-03 in English football Atlanta Braves Cleveland Browns Celtic F.C. Indiana Pacers Buffalo Bills Millwall F.C. Baltimore Ravens 2004-05 in English football Aston Villa F.C. Luton Town F.C. Swindon Town F.C. FA Cup The Football League Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Queens Park Rangers F.C. Carolina Panthers Rangers F.C. New England Patriots National Football League Bryan Robson Portsmouth F.C. Orlando Magic Super Bowl Kansas City Chiefs Brian Little (footballer) Ray Harford Miami Dolphins Norway national football team Notts County F.C. St. Louis Rams FA Premier League 2001-02 Boston Red Sox November 2004 in sports Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles EastEnders Big Brother (USA TV series) Arsenal F.C. Peter Shilton Dundee United F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Playoff Wimbledon F.C. Cork City F.C. IFK G__teborg F.C. United of Manchester FC Rostov Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia Eagles Kenny Dalglish Los Angeles Kings Sunderland A.F.C. Wayne Gretzky Minnesota Vikings England national football team Super Bowl XXXIV Fulham F.C. Denis Law Michael Owen Leicester City F.C. Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim National Rugby League FA Premier League 2002-03 Super Bowl XXI York City F.C. Bowl Championship Series Jacksonville Jaguars Paul Gascoigne FA Premier League 1997-98 R.S.C. Anderlecht Bobby Charlton Chicago White Sox 