on the eve of the 'greatest show on earth ' with the new season upon us i would like to wish all fellow football supporters 'all the best for the new season' win draw or lose enjoy the football those of you travelling have a safe journey i'm looking forward to seeing friends old new on tour hoggy i'll see you in leicester tomorrow mate i will be keeping an ear out as to how my three new adopted teams are doing louby ' keigan will see us alright onwards upwards' siobhan i've got my fingers crossed your season kickstarts tomorrow bullterriertaurus kick ass my son last but not least my good mate sue what more can be said but 'up the 'latics' bet the pies at leicester aren't as good as the jjb's my best wishes dave good luck to blackpool in the championship and all the other teams in all the leagues i i v had butterflies all week come on you boys give us all a season to remember we all have to keep in tough and spear each other on good luck all Wigan Athletic F.C. FA Cup San Francisco 49ers National Football League New York Giants David Beckham Newcastle United F.C. Gordon Banks Pittsburgh Steelers Sheffield United F.C. Bryan Robson Cleveland Browns 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand New England Patriots Troms__ I.L. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Derby County F.C. Jack Charlton New York Jets Cork City F.C. Oakland Athletics Playoff Norwich City F.C. St. Louis Rams Rugby union Alex Ferguson Pete Rose Cincinnati Bengals Bobby Charlton Dave Bassett Leeds United F.C. Leicester City F.C. Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Torquay United F.C. Football records in England The Football League Rod Stewart National Football League Lore Preston North End F.C. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Denis Law Oakland Raiders Buffalo Bills John Aldridge 1986 World Series All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Peter Shilton Kansas City Chiefs Norman Hunter The Amazing Race Super Bowl XXXIV Bristol Rugby Boston Red Sox FA Premier League 2004-05 Rangers F.C. FA Premier League American Football League Essendon Football Club World Series Blackburn Rovers F.C. Everton F.C. Super Bowl Manchester United F.C. Kevin Keegan Miami Dolphins American football St. Louis Cardinals February 2005 in sports Minnesota Vikings Arsenal F.C. Chicago Cubs New York Knicks Toronto Argonauts Alan Shearer R.S.C. Anderlecht Indianapolis Colts Basketball 2005 NFL season Los Angeles Kings Brian Close Ron and Fez Match fixing Nottingham Forest F.C. Kenny Dalglish Big Brother (USA TV series) Queens Park Rangers F.C. Syracuse University Orange Kurt Angle Celtic F.C. Canterbury Bulldogs Super Bowl XXIV Bowl Championship Series Humphrey Bogart Crystal Palace F.C. 