who's the number on the england football team like who's the guy with the number on the back of his shirt barring injuries wayne rooney is the first choice for the number jersey in the england squad at the moment however i personally feel he should swap his number with michael owen number that's because usually in a team the team's most lethal striker wears the number while the team's most creative player wears the number we know owen is england's most natural striker with his deadly poacher instinct and finishing and we also know rooney is england's brightest star and the player to inspire his team with his creative play and fancy dribbling so it's just strange to see rooney and owen wearing each other's number perhaps it's meant to confuse the opponents as well hmmm Michael Owen Wayne Rooney Striker England national football team Newcastle United F.C. Football (soccer) Everton F.C. Rugby union positions Teddy Sheringham Alex Ferguson Basketball Ruud van Nistelrooy Norway national football team Football (soccer) positions 2004-05 in English football Ryan Giggs Michael Jordan Robbie Fowler Nottingham Forest F.C. David Beckham Los Angeles Kings Manchester United F.C. Denmark national football team Jimmy Greaves Emile Heskey New York Giants Miami Dolphins Cricket Terrell Owens Bryan Robson Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Norman Hunter West Bromwich Albion F.C. Joe Cole (footballer) Leeds United F.C. Lee Dixon Sheffield Wednesday F.C. England national rugby union team Aston Villa F.C. Steve McManaman Alessandro Del Piero Kenny Sansom Ipswich Town F.C. Jack Charlton Football West Ham United F.C. Kurt Angle Pittsburgh Steelers Michael Laudrup Luton Town F.C. Monday Night Football Super Bowl Paul Madeley History of Arsenal F.C. The Football League Hand of God goal American football Denis Law Midfielder Volleyball FA Premier League 2004-05 Dream Team Harrow Football Alan Shearer Baltimore Ravens Paul Ince Field hockey Torquay United F.C. Kevin Keegan Alan Smith Frank Lampard Bobby Charlton Fielding (cricket) David Vernon Watson England v Hungary (1953) Manchester United 1945-1969 Steven Gerrard Ian Wright English cricket team Brian Close Andy Johnson Michael Vick Australian rules football Ali Daei Super Bowl XXIX England national football team records Brazil national football team Pro Football Hall of Fame Peter Reid Ice hockey ICC Super Series 2005 San Francisco 49ers Orlando Magic Cincinnati Bengals FC Shakhtar Donetsk UEFA Champions League 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand FA Premier League 2002-03 FC K__benhavn 