what is it about alex ferguson i don t know how he expects any player to show loyalty to man utd after the way he treats players as soon as they disagree with him if i was in the utd team i would be scared to open my mouth incase i was sold do you not think he has a cheek expecting players not to leave the club so you honestly think he treated van nistelroy well and beckham i know you must be a united fan but guess what you don t have to be a donut about it i ask this as i was recently having a convo about this with a mate who supports united i am not saying he is not succesful i don t know where you read that he also buggered roy keane off as soon as he oppened his mouth and spoke the truth about a few united players anyway if you care to read the question it was about him getting funny when a player wants to go not his success as a manager which no one can argue with sorry if i offended any united fans i just wondered why he is so bothered about a squad player heinze leaving but is happy to let first teamers leave you don't get it it's not about alex disliking people who disagree with him it's that no one is bigger then the club the players that got the boot believed they were and no one player makes the club unfortunately beckham ruud are two prime examples of players who thought they were bigger then the club and good riddance manchester united is not a team like real madrid we don't grab a bunch of big names and allow them to run their mouths off there's a reason sir alex is the manager it's his job i respect the way he runs his team i don't like the way big big big clubs are run sir alex has respect from his players they trust in him and that's the way it should be manchester united is like liverpool we are where we are because of the way we play and the way our team runs not because we were pumped with cash that's the only reason why i respect liverpool because i know that they worked for where they got just like us it was unfortunate about keane though he was probably one of my favourites back then Alex Ferguson David Beckham Manchester United 1999-present Roy Keane Leeds United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Everton F.C. Steve McManaman West Ham United F.C. UEFA Champions League Manchester United 1986-1999 England national football team Chelsea F.C. Real Madrid 2004-05 in English football Bryan Robson Kevin Keegan Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Alan Smith Dundee United F.C. Alan Hansen Football culture Bobby Charlton Nottingham Forest F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Theory of conduct Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Ole Gunnar Solskj__r Paul Ince FA Premier League 1995-96 Graeme Souness Michael Owen Portsmouth F.C. The Football League Ruud van Nistelrooy Liverpool F.C. Rangers F.C. Notts County F.C. Robbie Keane 2002-03 in English football I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Spice Girls R.S.C. Anderlecht EastEnders FA Premier League 2000-01 Torquay United F.C. Southampton F.C. Ryan Giggs Manchester City F.C. Football chant Teddy Sheringham Denis Law Crystal Palace F.C. F.C. United of Manchester Pittsburgh Steelers John Peel Football (soccer) positions West Bromwich Albion F.C. Arsenal F.C. FIFA Series Fulham F.C. Satchel Paige Manchester United 1945-1969 Wayne Rooney Viv Anderson Luton Town F.C. Hibernian F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. FA Premier League 2001-02 FA Premier League 1994-95 Steven Gerrard FA Premier League 1992-93 Blackburn Rovers F.C. PSV Eindhoven Little Britain Jack Charlton Social rule Watford F.C. Claudio Ranieri Diego Forl__n Alan Shearer Gary Stevens Phil Thompson Texas Rangers (baseball) New York Yankees Buffalo Bills AFC Wimbledon Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Stirling Albion F.C. Teresa Heinz Kerry Futebol Clube do Porto April 2005 in sports 