star players returning to play against you if you sell your star player to your deadliest rivals what sort of reception would you give him when he plays against you would you boo him right from the off would you give him a warm reception before the game then boo him when the game kicks off or still regard him as being a god albeit playing for your rivals and applaud anything he does in my case i'm looking forward to seeing brett ormerod plays for preston on his return to play against my blackpool i hope wish he gets a warm welcome back how do bullterriertaurus i wouldn't like to be a player getting a hard time off your mob you scare the living s t outta me even when you're being friendly give the baggies hell on saturday big ade akinbiyi will pop up with a clumsy header in the last mins to seal a win for you morning loubylou one good thing big ben i couldn't hit a cows ar e with a banjo burgess will be alright when we play hull their fans wont have time to boo him they'll be too busy pi ing them selves with laughter keep the faith louby trust me we'll be alright this season when wes signs forever tangerine jimmy bullard i would cheer leighton baines i would cheer andy liddell i would cheer kav i would cheer good luck to them ellington i booed then i was sorry i would like him to come back i would boo jason roberts and chimbonda he only used wigan for a steeping ladder to a better club that s what he says most xplayers if they give there all for wigan when they where there its a warm wellcome Wigan Athletic F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Satchel Paige New York Giants Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Portsmouth F.C. Torquay United F.C. Chicago White Sox FA Cup Pittsburgh Steelers Dundee United F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Sydney Riot of 1879 San Francisco Giants Rugby league positions Steve Nash Tris Speaker 1957 World Series Peter Shilton Bob Dylan Nottingham Forest F.C. Babe Ruth Celtic F.C. Shawn Michaels Green Day Dawson's Creek Major League Baseball television contracts Super Bowl X Norway national football team Boston Red Sox Paul Levesque New York Yankees Super Bowl XXVII Newcastle United F.C. Queen (band) National Football League Lore Pittsburgh Penguins National Football League Super Bowl IX Jack Charlton Summit Series Philadelphia Eagles Preston North End F.C. Philadelphia Phillies Hank Aaron Oakland Athletics St. Louis Blues (hockey) Professional wrestling slang Super Bowl XXVI Bobby Charlton EastEnders Chelsea F.C. Blur Super Bowl XXXI The Rock (entertainer) Jon Secada F.C. United of Manchester Super Bowl XIII David Beckham Gordon Banks New York Knicks Britpop New England Patriots Hartford Whalers August 2005 in sports Huddersfield Giants Rod Stewart Mario series enemies DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution Indiana Pacers NCAA football bowl games, 2004-05 Los Angeles Kings Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Brett Hull Liverpool F.C. The Chemical Brothers Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Detroit Red Wings Sin__ad O'Connor Houston Rockets Wayne Gretzky Everton F.C. Super Bowl XIV The Boo Radleys Poker jargon 2003 World Series New York Mets Aston Villa F.C. RuneScape quests Jethro Tull (band) Super Mario 64 DS Janet Jackson 