what do you think of david james as a goalkeeper i think he is one of the best keepers around should be england jamand calamity is an old and tired name for this fantastic player how can you call him calamity anymore he holds the record for the most clean sheets in the premiership for f ks sake duracell all keepers are subject to making mistakes and what about that backpass that robbo missed what a joker well he does hold the record for the most clean sheets in premiership history so all those saying he's rubbish are wrong he's a fantastic goalkeeper and should be england number however he would only be a short term proposition because of his age FA Cup Peter Shilton Aston Villa F.C. David James (footballer) Chris Woods Ipswich Town F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. FA Premier League Bryan Robson Essendon Football Club Gordon Banks Coventry City F.C. Bundesliga (football) Leigh Richmond Roose David Beckham Bobby Charlton Alan Shearer Norway national football team Alan Ball (footballer) Lev Yashin Dennis Bergkamp Chelsea F.C. Brad Friedel Kasey Keller 2004-05 in English football Frank Lampard Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Arsenal F.C. Goalkeeper Tottenham Hotspur F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. Alex Ferguson Water polo West Ham United F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. Sander Westerveld Leeds United F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Queens Park Rangers F.C. Football (soccer) Steve Coppell Derby County F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Primera Divisi__n Argentina Dominoes Wimbledon F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Term logic Ray Clemence FA Premier League 2003-04 Moral relativism West Bromwich Albion F.C. Millwall F.C. Paul Merson Leicester Tigers Epistemology Rangers F.C. Wayne Rooney Doris Day Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 FA Premier League 1992-93 Sheffield United F.C. FA Premier League 1993-94 Peter Reid H. Beam Piper Saracens F.C. Leicester City F.C. Germany national football team Fantastic Four Blur History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Floorball Spades England national football team FA Premier League 1994-95 German grammar Oliver Kahn The Joker's Wild Chris Kirkland Carlisle United F.C. Canterbury Bulldogs Football World Cup Everton F.C. Fallacy Petr __ech Holyrood Palace In The Groove (game) Stud poker Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Geoff Hurst Peter Schmeichel F.C. United of Manchester Field hockey David O'Leary Billboard Hot 100 Autopsy Poker jargon 