tell me some stuff about everton please i no frigg all about footy but some lad is taking me to see an everton match on saturday as like a date what should i do know say to be super cool he'll be dead impressed if i know stuff especially because he's mad about them thanks tim cahill is the best player but is currently injured and will miss the start of the season this will impress him the board are considering moving to a new stadium about four miles away from goodison their current ground in a move part funded by tesco's however in a move unique to everton as a football club they are having a vote which includes around current and previous season ticket holders to help decide if they should go ahead and david moyes is the manager he's the one who looks like his eyes are going to pop out of his head Everton F.C. 2004-05 in English football Alex Ferguson National Football League Manchester United F.C. The Football League Goodison Park Tranmere Rovers F.C. UEFA Champions League Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Hastings United FC Manchester City F.C. Liverpool F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. F.C. United of Manchester Cincinnati Bengals Miami Dolphins West Ham United F.C. Torquay United F.C. Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Chelsea F.C. New England Patriots Peter Shilton Aston Villa F.C. Cork City F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Carolina Panthers Alan Hansen Celtic F.C. Dundee United F.C. FA Cup Jack Charlton Alan Ball (footballer) Anfield History of Arsenal F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 Australian Football League Monday Night Football New York Giants Joe Royle 2001-02 in English football American football Peter Reid Football (soccer) Charlton Athletic F.C. FA Premier League 1997-98 Sydney Swans Pittsburgh Steelers Coventry City F.C. Notts County F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. FC Barcelona Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Preston North End F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Minnesota Vikings FA Premier League 1994-95 Steve McMahon Michael Owen Raith Rovers F.C. Green Bay Packers Toronto Blue Jays Philadelphia Eagles 2003-04 in English football Howard Kendall Bobby Charlton Norwegian football cup Kansas City Chiefs Florida Marlins Sheffield United F.C. National Basketball Association Baltimore Ravens Leeds United F.C. Boston Red Sox R.S.C. Anderlecht Dixie Dean Gary Stevens FA Premier League 2002-03 Oakland Raiders Forfar Athletic F.C. Bristol Rugby Football World Cup 1966 Bryan Robson Major League Baseball All-Star Game Norwich City F.C. British Columbia Lions New York Jets St. Louis Cardinals West Bromwich Albion F.C. Denis Law San Francisco 49ers 2005-06 in English football David Beckham Toronto Argonauts Millwall F.C. David Cooper (footballer) 