will the league chairman vote to have the points deduction aginst leeds reversed before you start saying we've broken the rules have a look at this www leedsunited com page newsroomdetail html if there is any justice then yes they will hopefully they will also vote to have bates permanently exiled to monaco after he has personally paid off all the creditors especially st johns ambulance in full additional pm its official we now start on minus Leeds United F.C. 2004-05 in English football United Kingdom corporation tax Alex Ferguson Judicial functions of the House of Lords Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus FA Premier League 1994-95 Eurovision Song Contest Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 United States House of Representatives Super League (Australia) Cascading Style Sheets Carolina Panthers Gordon Strachan National Hockey League Monaco Sealand Ambulance Mario Lemieux Bill Bradley Unicode and HTML Estoppel Rugby league World Wide Web Chelsea F.C. Baseball Mortgage Self-employment The Football League Dash St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Same-sex marriage in Canada United States Senate Enron Corporation Taxation in the United States Article One of the United States Constitution Major League Baseball All-Star Game Oxford United F.C. Civil Marriage Act West Bromwich Albion F.C. Taekwondo Dundee United F.C. UEFA Champions League Order of St. John President of the United States Mao (game) Yelena Davydova League of Nations National Rugby League New Republic (Star Wars) History of rugby league Concurrent estate Pledge of Allegiance Fay Vincent Income tax Establishment Clause of the First Amendment Opera (web browser) Everything2 British National Party Canadian House of Commons Natural deduction Coventry City F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Russ Feingold AS Monaco FC Manchester United 1986-1999 Chief Justice of the United States Anarcho-capitalism Plus and minus signs Hercules Linton Magna Carta HyperText Transfer Protocol Sunderland A.F.C. Jacky Ickx Baccarat Israeli West Bank barrier Flat tax FC Barcelona 2003 Brazilian Grand Prix Canadian Senate West Side Highway Plantations of Ireland History of Monaco Massimo Ellul United States Constitution Simple Mail Transfer Protocol National Football League History of Arsenal F.C. Bankruptcy Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Bryan Robson HTML editor Kelly Monaco Hyphen Songwriters Hall of Fame Supreme Court of the United States Formula One regulations 