just had e w on man city in premiership odds is this a wise investment edit e w each way or win place it costs double the stake this year it's only for st nd place sven was crucified by the treacherous british press before we even kicked a ball in world cup his club record is awesome his spending has been good i think not the jaffas that poor old pearce bought has to be a good bet i am not a betting person but would rather waste a tenner on this than say a shorter odd team that is what it is all about taking a risk go for it city you never know Gambling Sports betting Rugby union Coventry City F.C. Poker jargon Football (soccer) FA Cup Alex Ferguson Norwich City F.C. Betting (poker) Bryan Robson Bristol Rugby History of Test cricket (to 1883) Cricket Baccarat Chelsea F.C. Guinness Premiership Playoff Nottingham Forest F.C. Hiberno-English Australian rules football Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Sydney Riot of 1879 Aston Villa F.C. Craps Spread betting Stuart Pearce Norway national football team Blackjack English cricket team Roulette West Bromwich Albion F.C. David Beckham Bet exchange Leeds United F.C. Viking F.K. History of cricket Super League (Australia) 2004-05 in English football FA Premier League Sport in the United Kingdom Pete Rose Essendon Football Club Troms__ I.L. Millwall F.C. American football Portsmouth F.C. 1919 World Series John McEnroe England national rugby union team Poker tournament FA Premier League 1994-95 Southampton F.C. Nigel Winterburn Draw poker Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Manchester City F.C. Three card monte FA Premier League 2002-03 Viv Anderson Heineken Cup History of Arsenal F.C. FA Premier League 2000-01 Manchester United F.C. Consensus decision-making Ipswich Town F.C. Rugby league Gianluca Vialli Texas hold 'em Blackburn Rovers F.C. Diego Maradona Wigan Athletic F.C. Fulham F.C. West Ham United F.C. UEFA Champions League FA Premier League 2001-02 Golf glossary Tennis UK Singles Chart Bluff (poker) Bond Everton F.C. Pound sterling York City F.C. 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Germany national football team Insurance The Ashes Table tennis Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. UEFA Cup Wimbledon F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. Lottery Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Sven-G__ran Eriksson Dennis Bergkamp Leicester City F.C. Arsenal F.C. 