we are all talking about new players and signings what about the reffs will we have the same old idiots from last season or have we new ones what know there job hi sonny my friend keep telling me that no joke i could do a better job love footie hi tang we ll have to ask jewell about reffs mr snowman or is it mr noitall when my team loose sometimes its because they don't play well and other times its reffs decisions i know about footie yes i am a woman do your team never lose over a bad decision james i have a high iq and i m not a wanker morning blue i can sympathise with football referees although bad decisions are made by refs sometimes abysmal decisions that change the outcome of a game the game is so fast paced at times it is inevitable that wrong decisions will be made the thing that narks me is some players surround the ref and harass them into making a decision some more than others but man utd springs to mind and rooney seems to be the instigator for them i know that in rugby super league games the ref's are miked up so you can hear what's been said you rarely get a bad ref in their games or do you i would imagine it'll be the same old ref's imagine that as a job though from the minute you start to the minute you finish you are subject to harassment from players abuse from the crowd and no back up from your linesmen assistant referees do you think refs have their own favourite teams or even bear grudges against a team if they are ever made to feel 'unwelcome' just a thought ttfn best wishes dave New York Giants Sydney Riot of 1879 Football (soccer) American football Married... with Children Newcastle United F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Buffalo Bills Manchester United F.C. New York Jets Cincinnati Bengals Alex Ferguson Cleveland Browns Carolina Panthers Official (ice hockey) Boston Red Sox Rugby league in Australia Leeds United F.C. Rugby union Oakland Raiders New England Patriots Australian rules football British Columbia Lions FA Cup Ice hockey Super League (Australia) Penalty (ice hockey) Rugby league Rugby union positions Canterbury Bulldogs One Tree Hill (TV series) Miami Dolphins Everton F.C. Denis Law Dallas Cowboys Norway national football team Blackburn Rovers F.C. Avenue Q Toronto Blue Jays Babe Ruth Denver Broncos Football Hank Aaron Nottingham Forest F.C. Official (American football) Super Bowl XXVII Australian Football League Indianapolis Colts Tottenham Hotspur F.C. National Football League Lore National Rugby League Sydney Swans Aston Villa F.C. Hey Jude New York Knicks Crystal Palace F.C. Playoff format Friends Michael Owen West Bromwich Albion F.C. English cricket team Sports timeline Ravi Shastri Kansas City Chiefs National Football League Shaggy dog story Blonde on Blonde Detroit Tigers West Indian cricket team Tennessee Titans Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Super Bowl XXXIV Australian Rugby League Toronto Argonauts Paintball New York Mets Trailer Park Boys History of rugby league New York Rangers Leicester City F.C. Steve Nash West Ham United F.C. Social rule Super Bowl XXI Scotland national rugby union team Glossary of American football Super Bowl XVII St. Louis Rams Football chant American Football League Chelsea F.C. 