the prem champoinship was fixed last season do you agree everyone wanted man utd to win the title even other teams apart from the in the top and man city it was fixed by the bigwigs because they didnt want chelsea to win again alex is a dirty coach he will use any dirty trick to win a match example look at van the man not a dirty player before he played at manu or now at real but at manu he was terrible the worst thing rooney could of done was sign for manu he will always be a dirty player while alex is there england will suffer because of that retire sir alex lets someone show you that you can win a title while playing good football everyone kisses his ass not me he is a all round bad coach as for me am a derby county fan so no reasons for me to be anti manu c mon dont be afraid to speak who agrees yes i totally agree with you as even sky wanted them to win it and that twat scotty fergie is a dirthy twat and rooney is a liaring twat all you have spoke is so true Alex Ferguson Manchester United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Everton F.C. UEFA Champions League Norway national football team The Football League Pittsburgh Steelers Newcastle United F.C. England national football team Chelsea F.C. Detroit Red Wings Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. David Beckham San Antonio Spurs Miami Dolphins R.S.C. Anderlecht Buffalo Bills Chicago Bulls Nottingham Forest F.C. Kevin Keegan Aston Villa F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. FA Cup Cincinnati Bengals Leeds United F.C. West Ham United F.C. Sheffield United F.C. New England Patriots New York Giants FA Premier League 2004-05 New York Knicks FA Premier League 2001-02 Arsenal F.C. Wayne Rooney Dundee United F.C. Minnesota Vikings Michael Owen Manchester United 1999-present Jennifer Lopez Notts County F.C. FC Rostov Germany national football team Denis Law Peter Shilton Crystal Palace F.C. Football culture St. Louis Rams Pittsburgh Penguins Toronto Raptors Mark Calaway Brazil national football team Manchester United 1986-1999 Alex Rodriguez Leicester City F.C. Essendon Football Club Brian Close Indianapolis Colts Pete Sampras FA Premier League 2002-03 Torquay United F.C. Celtic F.C. Rangers F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. January 2005 in sports England national rugby union team Texas Rangers (baseball) Gordon Strachan Carolina Panthers Brian Clough Paul Ince San Diego Chargers NBA Finals Bundesliga (football) Steve McManaman Florida Marlins Boston Red Sox Gustavo Kuerten Aberdeen F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Yao Ming FC Barcelona Derby County F.C. National Football League Kansas City Chiefs FA Premier League 1994-95 Montreal Canadiens Alan Shearer Scotty Bowman February 2005 in sports Canterbury Bulldogs 