will david beckham crack america of course not i live in the us nobody cares about soccer here although i'm a die hard united fan becks doesn't care either he came here to retire while earning m he's a clever man and that's y he chose la also the most stupid ppl in that whole beckham saga are the fans who are paying so much to see him the club is clever also they would get money back by selling shirts and tickets Victoria Beckham Salary cap Football culture Manchester United F.C. Animal Crossing Bend It Like Beckham Newcastle United F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 Paul Is Dead England national football team __lhan Mans__z Lottery Spice Girls Tony Adams (footballer) Piccolo Junior Saga Football chant Real Madrid Bobby Charlton FIFA Series Beck Son Goku (Dragon Ball) Professional wrestling slang Trailer Park Boys The Price Is Right Clear Channel Communications Major League Baseball television contracts Babe Ruth Wayne Rooney April 2005 in sports Donovan F.C. United of Manchester Pitaten Football (soccer) SpongeBob SquarePants Duran Duran Queen (band) Preston North End F.C. Vodafone Minnesota Vikings Bon Jovi Notts County F.C. Ultras Soccer AM The Beatles National Football League Dad's Army The Amazing Race Kylie Minogue Miss Saigon Carpenters Damn Yankees Manchester United 1999-present EastEnders Club Am__rica Dir en grey Leeds United F.C. The dozens Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Cork City F.C. Home Improvement Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Buddy Guy Slot machine Sport Paul Ince Eurotrip Shit Van Halen Arsenal F.C. Education in the United States Green Bay Packers Sven-G__ran Eriksson Torquay United F.C. Mutual fund Gary Numan The Football League Public policy Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan The Beatles discography Parminder Nagra Melanie Chisholm Bryan Robson This Is Spinal Tap Nine Inch Nails Publicly funded medicine Live 8 Denis Law Married... with Children President of the United States Saga (band) Los Angeles Clippers Steve McManaman Washington Redskins Professional sports Tenshinhan Gary Neville Monkey (zodiac) Ole Gunnar Solskj__r The Jim Rome Show 