democratic debate on logo what did you think of this format as opposed to the others that we've seen with big audiences podiums and seasoned journalists well going in i didn't think i was going to like it much with all of them on the stage there is lots of interaction but as the forum went on i grew to like it immensely the answers could be much better than the short second sound bites that you normally hear in the debates i think that this format could be used a lot more often Audiophile SmartAsk DVD Family Feud Kimi Finster U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Jeopardy! Highway 61 Revisited Deal or No Deal Shaggy dog story Sound design 2004 Democratic National Convention Buddy Guy Desmond O'Malley U.S. presidential election debates Fifteen to One Super Audio CD Ross Perot Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) Janashakti Channel 4 Wheel of Fortune Jordan Grand Prix Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Video game music Futurama The Ashlee Simpson Show Tool (band) Dream Theater Overkill (band) Advertising Hey Jude Ayrton Senna Filibuster The Newlywed Game European Social Forum Whose Line Is It Anyway? Rock and roll 2005 United States Grand Prix Debate I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue The Riordans Propaganda Music genre Big Brother (USA TV series) The Kinks Zhao Ziyang Major League Baseball television contracts Laserdisc All That Saturday Night Live MLB on FOX Sound film Babylon 5 Canadian Senate Intelligent design movement Precautionary principle 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Tic-Tac-Dough Unreal Have I Got News For You Late Night with Conan O'Brien 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Edward R. Murrow Politics of the Republic of China Theory of conduct BBC American Broadcasting Company Ronald D. Moore Fox News Music radio Garth Brooks Rock (music) Jeopardy! in culture Compact disc Machinima Musical Instrument Digital Interface Canadian House of Commons Parliament of Canada Waffen-SS Piccolo Junior Saga Faye Wong Sampling (music) Universal Studios Modem U.S. presidential election, 2004 The Chemical Brothers Britpop Philosophy Nuclear option (filibuster) Mercedes-Benz Noam Chomsky Short message service A Day in the Life Computer software Paintball Radio Yerevan Read my lips: no new taxes MP3 Social Democratic and Labour Party Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide 