english essay i hav been assigned to write an essay of about words on the theme of environmental conservation any good suggestion on what should i include in my essay how should i start you should start off by painting a picture of what life will be like in the future if the world continues to use our resources at the same rate that we currently are then once you have stated the dire need for conservation you can write about the article i found below Essay Biodiversity The Skeptical Environmentalist E. E. Cummings Literature Thomas Carlyle Samuel Johnson George Orwell Carl Jung Water resources Tragedy of the commons Samuel Beckett Extinction Gary Snyder Walter J. Ong Haiku GED Earth Energy conservation Frank Herbert Open-source software Henry David Thoreau Kitsch Unemployment Inflation Leo Strauss Robert Schumann Thomas Pynchon Environmental movement Douglas Adams World Conservation Union Nineteen Eighty-Four Technological singularity Objectivist poets History of ecology William James Future energy development Environmental Protection Agency Environmental journalism Marcel Proust Wendell Berry H. G. Wells Scientific opinion on climate change Jack Kerouac Palanca Awards Sustainability Trademark Simone Weil Paul R. Ehrlich Speed limit Storytelling Federalist Papers Egyptian language On Fairy-Stories Catskill State Park Joseph Addison Ayn Rand Liang Qichao William Hague Species IB Diploma Programme Extreme Programming Overpopulation Plutarch The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Reaganomics Christopher Hitchens Allan Bloom TOEFL MPAA film rating system C. S. Lewis E. F. Schumacher Open access Capitalism Slash fiction Petroleum Michael Oakeshott Symphony No. 9 (Beethoven) Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki John Howard Yoder World Heritage Site Motion picture rating system H.P. Lovecraft Conservation easement Michael Moorcock Indigenous Australians Transsexuality Guy Davenport Merry England American individualist anarchism Ghazal David Jones (poet) Walter Benjamin Urbanization Picturesque Renewable energy Sustainable development Daylight saving time Asia Deconstruction 