what's the best way to get into poetry what's the best introductory text on poetry interpretation theory and can you compile a short reading list to get familiar these will get you started on the mechanics of poetry in most of its forms the poetry handbook john lennard oxford university press new york ny creating poetry john drury writer's digest books cincinnati ohio the haiku handbook how to write share and teach haiku william j higginson kodansha america new york ny for a poetry reference there are two main books that are used the one i prefer just a personal preference is the norton anthology of poetry fourth ed ferguson salter and stallworthy w w norton company new york ny for a variety of other famous poems try the best loved poems of the american people hazel fellerman doubleday new york ny good hunting Haiku Japanese poetry Harold Bloom Waka Literature Robert Graves Kigo Japanese literature Louis MacNeice Richard Eberhart British Poetry Revival Matsuo Bash__ William Shakespeare Poetic diction Thomas M. Disch E. E. Cummings Poetry of the United States Aesthetic Realism William Butler Yeats African American literature C. S. Lewis Anthology Emily Dickinson Kenneth Koch Gary Snyder John Dryden Robert Bly Frank O'Hara Objectivist poets Book of Mormon King James Version of the Bible H.D. J. R. R. Tolkien Imagism Urdu Anglo-Saxon literature D. H. Lawrence Chinese poetry Richard Aldington George Oppen Kenneth Rexroth Louise Gl__ck Guy Davenport Jack Kerouac Philosophy Linguistics Seamus Heaney Eli Siegel Frank Kermode Performance poetry Sir Gawain and the Green Knight Taoism John Berryman Irish poetry Kannada literature I. A. Richards Walt Whitman James Joyce John Rawls Beowulf Irish theatre William Carlos Williams Modernist poetry in English English poetry Apologetics Canadian literature Cid Corman Adrienne Rich T. S. Eliot Lyric poetry Louis Zukofsky Edward FitzGerald (poet) Le Morte d'Arthur Percy Bysshe Shelley Novel William Blake Phillis Wheatley Alan Brownjohn Ezra Pound Poetic Edda Perl Qian Zhongshu Leo Strauss Kokin-wakashu Restoration literature Meter (poetry) Brian Coffey Claude McKay Robert Creeley Kanji Sri Aurobindo Plato Medieval French literature British literature Frank Herbert Hindi literature Langston Hughes William Faulkner 