Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for the circulatory support of children after repair of congenital heart disease.
 We have treated 39 infants and children with congenital heart disease with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation during the past 5 years.
 Thirty-six were treated for low cardiac output or pulmonary vasoreactive crisis after repair of congenital heart defects.
 Twenty-two (61%) survived.
 Most patients were cannulated from the neck via the right internal jugular vein and the right common carotid artery.
 Six patients were cannulated from the chest, including three who had separate drainage of the left side of the heart with a left atrial cannula.
 Two of these patients survived and were the only survivors of the nine patients cannulated in the operating room because they could not be weaned from cardiopulmonary bypass after open cardiac operations.
 We also reviewed 312 patients (the predictor study series) having open cardiac operations before the availability of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation; 27 of these patients died.
 Data were collected at 1 and 8 hours postoperatively to determine if any parameters might predict early mortality.
 With these parameters used as criteria, patients who went on extracorporeal membrane oxygenation were as sick as those who died before extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was available.
 The most common complication was bleeding related to heparinization.
 The mean transfusion requirement in survivors was 1.50 +/- 1.13 ml/kg/hr, 5.63 +/- 7.0 ml/kg/hr in the nonsurvivors, and 7.46 +/- 8.29 ml/kg/hr in those cannulated in the operating room because they could not be weaned from bypass.
 Four children had intracranial hemorrhage, and two of them died.
 There was one late death.
 Nine of the 22 survivors are entirely normal.
 All survivors who do not have Down's syndrome are considered to have normal central nervous system function.
 We conclude that extracorporeal membrane oxygenation can improve survival in patients with both pulmonary artery hypertension and low cardiac output after operations for congenital heart disease.
