Low-dose enoximone in subjects awaiting cardiac transplantation. Clinical results and effects on beta-adrenergic receptors.
 During a 3-year period we administered enoximone, a phosphodiesterase inhibitor with positive inotropic and vasodilator properties, to 73 pretransplantation patients with end-stage heart failure who exhibited a clinical requirement for additional inotropic support.
 The clinical course and myocardial beta-adrenergic receptor status in the explanted hearts of these 73 patients was compared with results in 113 concurrently listed pretransplantation patients not requiring additional inotropic support.
 Only three patients required cessation of enoximone because of adverse effects, all from exacerbation of ventricular arrhythmias.
 Sixty-six of 73 (90.4%) enoximone-treated patients ultimately underwent cardiac transplantation a mean of 39.2 +/- 6.6 days (range 1 to 221 days) after starting enoximone, whereas seven patients (9.6%) died awaiting cardiac transplantation.
 The respective 1-, 3-, and 6-month pretransplantation survival rates of patients treated with enoximone calculated from their time on the waiting list for transplantation were 88.0%, 82.5%, and 82.5% compared with 92.1%, 83.8%, and 76.2% in control patients not receiving enoximone (all p = not significant).
 In 25 patients who received enoximone, ventricular myocardial beta-adrenergic receptors were measured at the time of transplantation and compared with values in failing ventricles from 52 pretransplantation patients not exposed to enoximone.
 Compared with ventricular myocardium of patients not given enoximone or intravenous beta-adrenergic agonists, total beta-adrenergic receptor (beta 1 plus beta 2) density was not decreased in patients treated with enoximone or enoximone plus intravenous beta-adrenergic agonists, but was decreased by 31% (p less than 0.05) in patients given intravenous beta-adrenergic agonists alone.
 Additionally, patients treated with enoximone had higher myocardial beta 2-adrenergic receptor densities than respective subgroups treated without (28% higher, p less than 0.01) or with (65% higher, p less than 0.01) intravenous beta-adrenergic agonists.
 Finally, isoproterenol- or calcium-mediated contractile responses in isolated right ventricular preparations from 14 patients treated with enoximone were similar to values in control patients not exposed to enoximone or intravenous beta-adrenergic agonists, suggesting that enoximone-related beta-adrenergic subsensitivity or damage to the contractile apparatus does not occur.
