Induction of cytosolic free calcium elevation in rat vascular smooth-muscle cells by cerebrospinal fluid from patients after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
 The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) on cytosolic free calcium in cultured rat vascular smooth-muscle cells using the fluorescent intracellular calcium indicator fura-2/AM.
 Samples of CSF were collected from 12 patients (seven with and five without vasospasm) on Days 2, 6, 11, and 16 after SAH.
 Control CSF samples were obtained from five patients 6 to 9 months after they had undergone successful aneurysm surgery following an SAH.
 All CSF samples in both the non-vasospasm and vasospasm groups, regardless of the day of sampling after the SAH, induced significantly higher transient intracellular calcium elevations when compared to levels induced by control CSF.
 Furthermore, the addition of 2 mM ethyleneglycol-bis (beta-aminoethylether)-N,N'-tetra-acetic acid (EGTA) caused a slight reduction in the peak height in the CSF-induced intracellular calcium rise which declined more rapidly to basal levels than those studied without EGTA.
 In the non-vasospasm group, the intracellular calcium concentration remained stable after SAH throughout the study period.
 In contrast, in the vasospasm group, this concentration was highest on Day 2 post-SAH, but sharply decreased on Day 6 and rose again on Day 11.
 This result correlated with the clinical signs of vasospasm in these patients.
 These findings indicated that the intracellular calcium elevations induced by CSF obtained after SAH were due to the combination of the influx of extracellular calcium and the mobilization of intracellular calcium from storage sites.
 The changes in intracellular calcium concentrations in vascular smooth-muscle cells induced by CSF obtained from patients on successive days following SAH suggest that the substances that induce this repeat calcium elevation on Day 11 post-SAH may be the key spasmogens for vasospasm after SAH.
