The renin-angiotensin system: renal actions and blood pressure regulation.
 The RAS is part of an extremely powerful feedback system for long-term control of blood pressure and volume homeostasis.
 Disturbances that tend to lower blood pressure, such as heart failure, cirrhosis, and peripheral vasodilation, cause sodium and water retention until blood pressure returns to normal due, in large part, to the combined actions of ANGII and reduced arterial pressure.
 In response to increased sodium intake, decreased ANGII formation greatly amplifies the effectiveness of pressure natriuresis, thereby preventing large increases in body fluid volumes and blood pressure.
 In circumstances in which the RAS is inappropriately activated, the sodium retaining effects of ANGII necessitate increased blood pressure to maintain sodium balance via pressure natriuresis.
 Because the RAS is so powerful in regulating blood pressure, blockade of the system with ACE inhibitors offers a powerful therapeutic tool in diseases such as hypertension and congestive heart failure.
 The control of sodium excretion and blood pressure by ANGII is exerted through multiple intrarenal as well as extrarenal effects, including stimulation of aldosterone secretion, which can influence renal excretion.
 Current evidence suggests that the intrarenal effects of ANGII are quantitatively more important than those mediated by aldosterone in controlling blood pressure and renal excretion.
 The most important intrarenal effects of ANGII include efferent arteriolar constriction as well as direct effects on sodium transport.
 The constrictor effect on efferent arterioles also is important in preventing reductions in GFR in circumstances associated with impaired renal perfusion.
 Therefore blockade of ANGII formation in circumstances such as renal artery stenosis may caused marked reductions in GFR.
 However, in many patients efferent arteriolar vasodilation caused by ANGII blockade may not lower GFR markedly because of other autoregulatory mechanisms that compensate by causing parallel reductions in afferent arteriolar resistance.
 In these individuals, chronic ACE inhibition may prove to be beneficial in slowing the progression of renal disease because a reduction in glomerular hydrostatic pressure may help to prevent glomerular damage.
