Decreased Gs alpha mRNA levels accompany the fall in Gs and adenylyl cyclase activities in compensated left ventricular hypertrophy. In heart failure, only the impairment in adenylyl cyclase activation progresses.
 We have previously reported that there is a global reduction in adenylyl cyclase associated with a decrement in Gs functional activity in cardiac sarcolemma from animals with pressure overload-induced hypertrophy and heart failure.
 This study was performed to determine whether hypertrophy alone in the absence of heart failure is sufficient to promote these changes and whether the superimposition of heart failure intensified these changes.
 Basal and stimulated adenylyl cyclase and Gs activity, as determined in the S49 cyc- reconstitution assay, were measured in sarcolemma from normal (NL), left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) and heart failure (HF) animals.
 Simultaneously, we measured the mRNA level encoding for the Gs alpha subunit.
 These studies indicate that Gs activity and Gs alpha mRNA are decreased by approximately 30% both in the failing heart and even in the heart with compensated hypertrophy before heart failure develops (Gs activity, pmol cyclic AMP/10 min per microgram, NL 4.2 +/- 0.4, LVH 3.0 +/- 0.2, HF 3.2 +/- 0.3; Gs alpha mRNA, pg/10 micrograms RNA, NL 131 +/- 9.0, LVH 104 +/- 7.4, HF 97.4 +/- 9.1; P less than 0.05 as compared with NL for LVH and HF).
 Accompanying this decrement in Gs activity is a fall in adenylyl cyclase, both basal and stimulated.
 However, we also identified a further decrease in adenylyl cyclase without any additional change in Gs or in its alpha subunit mRNA level.
 This is seen only in the sarcolemma from animals with heart failure as compared with those with compensated LV hypertrophy (e.g., NaF-stimulated activity, pmol cyclic AMP/min per mg, NL 420.2 +/- 17.5, LVH 347.1 +/- 29.6, HF 244.2 +/- 27.3; P less than 0.05 compared with NL for LVH and HF, P less than 0.05 compared with LVH for HF).
 In summary, these studies indicate that both Gs and adenylyl cyclase activities fall in parallel with the development of LV hypertrophy followed by a further decrement in adenylyl cyclase, independent of Gs, in the setting of heart failure.
