Utility of a transdermal delivery system for antihypertensive therapy. Part 1.
 A retrospective evaluation of patient-level Medicaid claims data from two states was undertaken to discern the fiscal utility of transdermally delivered clonidine versus both the oral formulation of clonidine and oral formulations of eight other antihypertensive agents.
 In the first phase of our two-part study, we compared paid claims data (n = 1,135) from Florida for transdermal and oral clonidine.
 Multivariate regression analysis was used to evaluate the incremental impact of six variables on health-care expenditures in the first year after patients were given a diagnosis of hypertension.
 These variables were: age, gender, prior utilization of medical services, regimen complexity, and dosage formulation.
 Patients prescribed transdermal clonidine experienced a significant (p less than or equal to 0.001) increase in prescription expenditures and significant reductions in the use of physician (p less than or equal to 0.05), laboratory (p less than or equal to 0.10), and hospital (p less than or equal to 0.05) services.
 Moreover, savings were maximized (p less than or equal to 0.001) where multi-drug regimens incorporated the transdermal delivery system.
 In the second phase of our study we compared paid claims data (n = 8,894) from South Carolina for transdermal clonidine and for nine oral antihypertensive agents: atenolol, captopril, clonidine, diltiazem, enalapril, metoprolol, prazosin, terazosin, and verapamil-SR.
 Once again, regression analysis was used, this time to evaluate the incremental impact of five variables on health-care expenditures in the first year post diagnosis: age, gender, prior utilization of medical services, regimen complexity, and Medication Possession Ratio (MPR), an index of compliance.
 The data from part 2 of our study revealed that patients assigned a b.i.d.
 oral antihypertensive agent experienced a significant reduction (p less than or equal to 0.05) in MPR and a significant (p less than 0.05) increase in health-care expenditures when compared to patients prescribed the transdermal delivery system and to patients prescribed once-daily oral medications.
 These data confirm previous findings concerning the impact of complicated dosing regimens on compliance in hypertensive patients.
 In this two-part paper we report the data from both phases of our study.
