Pathogenesis of migraine.
 Endothelial cells are not just a semipermeable membrane that forms a barrier between the blood and the vascular smooth muscles.
 This cell system is a highly active metabolic endocrine organ.
 It not only produces a number of important substances in vascular and neural homeostasis but also inactivates vasoactive substances such as serotonin and bradykinin.
 In addition, it produces endothelin-1 and angiotensin II; more importantly in the context of migraine, endothelial cells produce the vasodilators prostacyclin and EDRF-NO, both of which are local (paracrine) hormones.
 The physiologic function of endothelial cells is affected by aspirin, which prevents prostacyclin formation but has little effect on normal blood pressure.
 From this information, one can infer that endothelial cell production of prostacyclin does not play an important part in normal cardiovascular control.
 On the other hand, the administration of Ng-monomethyl-L-arginine causes immediate increases in blood pressure.
 Because the administration of this substance inhibits the release of EDRF-NO, it appears that this paracrine endothelial hormone actively dilates the normal circulation.
 It is of cardinal importance that damage or flow perturbations of cell membranes of the endothelial lining of blood vessels cause an increased production of prostaglandins.
 However, smooth muscle cells underlying the endothelial lining also synthesize prostacyclin.
 This mechanism is thought to be held in reserve to reinforce local production of prostacyclin and vasodilatation when cell damage to the endothelial lining occurs and EDRF-No is not produced.
 Many theories for the causation of migraine have been proposed, and some have been reviewed.
 Those holding sway tend to ignore inconsistencies and cite supporting evidence in favor of their pet explanation only.
 I therefore have no hesitation to show that the best explanation at present, based on the most recent cellular evidence, explains all features of migraine and the response of migraineurs to therapy.
 The endothelial cell is the most likely site of the primary abnormality (Fig.
 1).
 Although under physiologic circumstances perivascular innervation and endothelial systems closely interact in the control of vascular tone during pathologic conditions such as ischemia, the dominant role in protecting the circulation is endothelium-mediated.
 The biology of headache is so diverse and our ignorance sufficiently pervasive that the investigation of endothelial cell function may solve the mystery of migraine.
 To match the postulated crucial role of the endothelial cell in the pathogenesis of migraine, another cell would have to be ubiquitously present throughout the vasculature and not just confined to the central nervous system.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
