are men more likely than women to vote for a woman for president doubt it i would think women are more likely to vote for a women president from what i have heard men think women are too emotional to run the country i have even heard men say they are afraid that pms will cause her to start a nuclear war Women's suffrage Indira Gandhi Nuclear option (filibuster) George W. Bush Opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War Marriage The Time Machine U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Premenstrual stress syndrome Pennsylvania State University Philippine general election, 2004 Congress of the United States John McCain Vice President of the United States Tulane University The Bionic Woman Ted Kennedy Polygamy Bush Supreme Court candidates John Edwards Franklin D. Roosevelt President of India Andrea Dworkin Impeachment Canadian Senate Jesse Jackson Winter Olympic Games House of Lords Conscientious objector Social Democratic Labour Party Fathers' rights A Canticle for Leibowitz Barbara Boxer Condoleezza Rice Social rule Actor Olympia Snowe Al Gore Ralph Nader Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Criticisms of the War on Terrorism Radio Yerevan The West Wing (television) Waylon Smithers Politics of the United States Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Sandra Day O'Connor Haiti U.S. presidential election, 1964 Nuclear warfare National Union of Students of Australia Progressive Conservative leadership convention, 1967 Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Fulbright Hearing Warren G. Harding Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy Nigeria Escape from New York 12 Angry Men Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Unlawful combatant Jimmy Carter Democratic Party (United States) International Olympic Committee Beslan school hostage crisis Liberian elections, 2005 Lewinsky scandal Geraldine Ferraro Pervez Musharraf Female roles in the World Wars Electronic voting Edith Nourse Rogers United Nations Security Council Mojave people Emmeline Pankhurst John Roberts Federal Marriage Amendment Porgy and Bess Yugoslavia U.S. presidential election, 1968 Gender role Ruth Bader Ginsburg Domestic violence Parliament Act U.S. presidential election, 2004 Gay rights John R. Bolton President of the United States Prime Minister of Canada Politics of Martinique John F. Kennedy Norm Coleman Srebrenica massacre Suffrage Clarence Thomas Joe Lieberman U.S. presidential election, 1972 General authority Irish Republicanism 