in regard to the best football leagues in the world where would you rate the bundesliga last year's bundesliga's title race was great and it went right down to the wire but bayern munich had a bad season and didn't even qualify for the champions league they will be missed in order to make the bundesliga more popular a german club needs to go far in the champions league and perhaps even win the competition i would say the epl is the best league in the world followed by the la liga and then the serie a then the bundesliga and then the portuguese league Bundesliga (football) Bayern Munich Gerd M__ller Werder Bremen UEFA Champions League Ali Daei FA Premier League Primera Divisi__n Argentina FC Schalke 04 FC Hansa Rostock Bayer Leverkusen Michael Ballack Alex Ferguson Futebol Clube do Porto SuperLiga VfL Wolfsburg Everton F.C. Franz Beckenbauer Borussia Dortmund Aston Villa F.C. Manchester United F.C. FC Girondins de Bordeaux Norway national football team Real Madrid Playoff April 2005 in sports Raith Rovers F.C. Borussia M__nchengladbach Claudio Pizarro Andriy Shevchenko The Football League 1. FC Kaiserslautern Rangers F.C. La Liga West Ham United F.C. David Beckham February 2005 in sports Branko Oblak League Cup Coventry City F.C. IFK G__teborg National Football League Football in England FC Barcelona Leeds United F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 Campeonato Carioca Jupiler League Norwich City F.C. FA Cup Chelsea F.C. FC St. Pauli Cork City F.C. September 2005 in sports Michael Schumacher Jari Litmanen Nottingham Forest F.C. Major League Baseball Celtic F.C. Olympic Stadium, Berlin Club Am__rica Peter Shilton Otto Rehhagel Football in Sweden Eintracht Frankfurt Norman Hunter 2003-04 in Portuguese football Hamburger SV Pinto da Costa VfB Stuttgart Primera Divisi__n de M__xico R.S.C. Anderlecht Lech Pozna__ Deco Ronaldo Billy Bremner UEFA David Vernon Watson Mehmet Scholl Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Playoff format S.League Claudio Ranieri International League Essendon Football Club Peter Schmeichel Mark van Bommel 2004-05 in English football Norwegian Premier League Bryan Robson History of Arsenal F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 Blackburn Rovers F.C. Football League of Ireland Oliver Kahn Kevin Keegan 