what things must you do before you die do you have such a list georgia peach i would love to touch a penguin too i know what you mean these might not be in exact order my wife and i have not had kids yet we want them see my dad be baptized into the lds church see my inactive brother become active see my non member in laws join the lds church serve a mission with my wife see new mexico state win a national championship in basketball or football take my wife to europe slap a few y a users around retire with no money problems meet socmum gw Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Heber C. Kimball Temple (Mormonism) Priesthood (Mormonism) Community of Christ Wilford Woodruff Joseph Smith, Jr. Book of Mormon Baptism Southeastern Conference Brigham Young University Quorums of the Seventy National Football League Atlantic Coast Conference Blacks and Mormonism Criticism of Mormonism Mormon missionary Quorum of the Twelve Apostles John Taylor (1808-1887) Baptism for the dead Church of Jesus Christ (Bickertonite) Joseph F. Smith United Methodist Church David O. McKay Missionary Thomas B. Marsh Mormon President of the Church (Mormonism) Rugby union Parley P. Pratt Latter Day Saint Football (soccer) William Marks (Mormonism) History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Marriage Ezra Taft Benson Jim Thorpe Basketball University of Alabama Luke S. Johnson Priesthood Correlation Program Gladys Knight Apostolic United Brethren Heber J. Grant Lorenzo Snow History of the Latter Day Saint movement Daniel Parker First Book of Nephi College basketball Mennonite Utah General conference (Mormonism) Christian view of marriage Big Ten Conference The Football League Excommunication National Association of Evangelicals Sports timeline Eastern Orthodox Church Michigan Doctrine and Covenants National Basketball Association Latter-day Saint Biblical canon Princess Peach Martin Harris A Course In Miracles Mark Hofmann Hyrum Smith University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Plural marriage Mormonism and Christianity Reserve component Royal Rumble University of Georgia Atlanta, Georgia National Wrestling Alliance Church of the United Brethren in Christ NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Succession crisis (Mormonism) Buildings and sites of Salt Lake City, Utah Bishop (Mormonism) Big East Conference Brazil national football team Kyle Broflovski James K. Polk Hey Jude History of rugby union Mack Brown John D. Lee Houston Nutt United States religious history Mountain Meadows massacre Oliver Cowdery National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines) Mexico national football team Roman Catholic Church Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu Bear Bryant Mormonism and Judaism 