why are christians so hostile to lds i am lds and i have been getting several hostile messages from christians daily not that all christians are hostile to lds but some are that way i only want to spread the good news of prophet joseph smith and his legacy i am not hostile i just don't believe as you do have a good weekend Mormon Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Book of Mormon President of the Church (Mormonism) Mormonism Quorum of the Twelve Apostles Priesthood (Mormonism) General conference (Mormonism) Criticism of Mormonism Latter Day Saint Joseph Smith Translation of the Bible Mormonism and Christianity Controversies regarding The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Endowment (Mormonism) History of the Latter Day Saint movement Mark Hofmann Israelite Temple (Mormonism) Doctrine and Covenants Community of Christ Mountain Meadows massacre Utah Curse and mark of Cain Fundamentalism Joseph F. Smith Mormonism and Judaism House of Joseph Blacks and Mormonism Church of Jesus Christ (Bickertonite) Pearl of Great Price Prophet Sacrament (Mormonism) Jerald and Sandra Tanner Joseph Smith, Jr. Biblical canon Kirtland Safety Society Apostolic Succession Latter-day Saint Gordon B. Hinckley University of Utah David Whitmer Continuous revelation Plural marriage Lineal succession (Mormonism) Wilford Woodruff Adam-God theory Buildings and sites of Salt Lake City, Utah Fawn M. Brodie Christian view of marriage LDS cinema Reformed Egyptian Lamanite Apocrypha Gladys Knight Linguistics and the Book of Mormon Adam-ondi-Ahman Book of Abraham Temple in Jerusalem Restoration (Mormonism) William E. McLellin LDS Conference Center Restorationism Muhammad Heber C. Kimball Heavenly Mother Hyrum Smith First Vision Luke S. Johnson Ten Lost Tribes Heber J. Grant Church of Jesus Christ in Zion Christian Bruce R. McConkie Nauvoo Legion Brigham Young Thomas B. Marsh Word of Wisdom Prophets of Islam The Wentworth Letter 1840s (Mormonism) Christian anarchism Parley P. Pratt Christianity Great Apostasy Christian monasticism William Marks (Mormonism) Deseret Morning News Succession crisis (Mormonism) Moroni (Mormonism) Anti-Mormonism Lilburn Boggs Urim and Thummim John D. Lee Liberal Party (Utah) Church of Christ (Temple Lot) Plates of Nephi United States religious history 