do any of you regulars know each other outside of cyberspace just curious you seem pretty chummy lol i personally have physically met none of you that i know of i did however make one very dear friend who i speak to daily none of my friends would ever be interested in this type of forum hell i'm not even sure why i am lol but i love it friends with these freaks no way Pure Pwnage The Cure 10cc Freaks and Geeks A Course In Miracles General Mayhem Singapore gay equality movement 2channel Pogo Social software Internet slang Orange Order Chummy Fleming Spice Girls Humphrey Bogart Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Mnemonic Eurotrip Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Blog Prisoner (TV series) Recurring South Park characters Spike (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) The Wotch Marilyn Monroe Tenchi Muyo! Ayumi Hamasaki Trailer Park Boys Friendship Henry H. Rogers Meat Loaf Futari wa Pretty Cure A.I. Love You Coin collecting Indian English References to Star Trek Peter Cook Richard Wagner Gantz Shakespeare's sonnets Graham Kennedy LOL (Internet slang) Pulp (band) The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Pedophilia Philosophy Paul McCartney Urusei Yatsura AFI 100 Years series Past teachings of Prem Rawat Cyberspace Buffy Summers Slavoj __i__ek Hearing impairment Prince Edmund (Blackadder) Inception of Darwin's theory YuYu Hakusho NetNavi Lol Coxhill Soap Opera Digest Gackt Alcoholics Anonymous Immortality Peter Allen C plus plus Hunter __ Hunter Emanuel Swedenborg World Economic Forum Hunter S. Thompson Palindrome Kevin and Kell Neuromancer Television pilot Love AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes Dance Dance Revolution Characters of Megatokyo It's Walky! Sant Thakar Singh Fleeming Jenkin RuneScape quests System Shock Negima C. S. Lewis Interpersonal relationship Nation of Islam Mirmo! Herg__ Sex Pistols Augustus De Morgan Aldous Huxley The Beach Boys PHP Fruits Basket Warren G. Harding Courtney Love Pierre de Ronsard Boards of Canada Opus Dei I Love Lucy 