wii vc console points i have a thousand wii points left and i'm wondering what game should i get i already have all the mario games available and zelda games also donkey kong country pacman mystical ninja starfox bomberman and sonic wut games you reccomend with wii points left get f zero x i own the actual games and they are so much fun also ice climber Classic NES Series Nintendo Power Video game character Rare (video game company) Super Smash Bros. Melee Nintendo GameCube Player's Choice Donkey Kong Pac-Man Nintendo Video game music Donkey Kong (arcade game) Mario Kart History of video games (16-bit era) Platform game Mario Shigeru Miyamoto Nintendo 64 E-Reader Mario Bros. Boss (video games) Super Mario 128 Trilogy Donkey Kong Country The Legend of Zelda series The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Game & Watch Gallery Donkey Kong Country (TV series) Nintendo Revolution Computer and video game genres Sega Saturn Game & Watch Gallery 4 The Legend of Zelda Super Mario Bros. television series Nintendo Entertainment System Yoshi King K. Rool Damsel in distress Super Mario 64 Game Boy Mario Kart 64 Game Boy Advance Dixie Kong Game designer Super Smash Bros. Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Koji Kondo Banjo-Kazooie Interactive Achievement Awards Super Nintendo Entertainment System Diddy Kong Cranky Kong Hudson Soft Link (Legend of Zelda) Nintendo Vs. Series Captain N: The Game Master History of computer and video games Animal Crossing Donkey Kong Junior Game Boy Color Sonic the Hedgehog (16-bit) Kremling Krew Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest TurboGrafx 16 Nintendo 64DD Mario vs. Donkey Kong The Wizard (film) The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Princess Peach Sonic the Hedgehog Donkey Kong 64 Donkey Kong Island Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Daigasso! Band Brothers Bomberman Final Fantasy Mystic Quest Donkey Kong (Game Boy game) Diddy Kong Racing Golden Age of Arcade Games Colecovision Computer role-playing game Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Game Critics Awards Speedrun Nintendo Virtual Boy Intelligent Systems Computer and video games Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble! Sonic Blast Power Rangers: Ninja Storm Atari The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time characters Arcade game Pauline Game & Watch Donkey Kong Land Nintendo GameCube Game Boy Advance cable Fangame 