A comparison of the morphological features of cancer arising in the transition zone and in the peripheral zone of the prostate.
 To determine the characteristics of transition zone and peripheral zone prostate cancer, we examined a series of 42 stage A and 54 stage B radical prostatectomy specimens with particular attention to the number of separate foci of cancer, zone of origin, volume and grade of each focus, and presence of severe intraductal dysplasia (high grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia), extra-capsular extension and seminal vesicle invasion associated with cancer in each zone.
 We found that there were fundamental differences between transition zone and peripheral zone cancers, and that the features that characterize these tumors were apparent in stages A and B disease.
 Although the total tumor burden was similar in stages A (3.98 cc) and B (4.56 cc) disease, stage A cancer tended to be multifocal (3.1 tumors per prostate) and more diffuse.
 While 81% of stage A prostate specimens contained a tumor of transition zone origin and 93% had cancer of peripheral zone origin, transurethral resection of the prostate sampled a transition zone cancer in 77% and a peripheral zone cancer in 31% (8% had both types).
 Stage B cancer tended to be more focal (2.3 cancers per prostate).
 All stage B prostate specimens contained a peripheral zone cancer and 43% had a transition zone cancer as well.
 In only 1 stage B cancer patient was the transition zone tumor the palpable or index cancer.
 In stages A and B disease, peripheral zone tumors were less well differentiated (median Gleason sum 6 and 7) than transition zone tumors (5 and 5, respectively) and more likely to extend through the capsule (44% versus 11%).
 Seminal vesicle invasion arose from 19% of the peripheral zone but none of the transition zone cancers.
 Peripheral zone tumors were almost always (93%) associated with high grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia, while none of the transition zone cancers was so associated.
 For peripheral zone disease there was a moderate correlation between volume and grade (tau = 0.46, p less than 0.001) so that the larger the tumor the higher the Gleason sum but within transition zone disease this correlation was poor (tau = 0.23) and not statistically significant (p greater than 0.05).
 Extracapsular extension occurred at a smaller volume with peripheral zone cancer (mean 3.86, minimum 0.06 cc) than transition zone cancer (mean 4.98, minimum 0.39 cc).
 Cancer that arises in the transition zone appears to have a different histogenesis, is associated with more favorable pathological features and may have less malignant potential than tumors that arise in the peripheral zone.
