Calcitonin-gene-related peptide: a possible role in human penile erection and its therapeutic application in impotent patients.
 A functional study was done to examine a possible role of calcitonin-gene-related peptide in human penile erection and its possible therapeutic applications for patients with erectile dysfunction.
 In the determination of an effective dosage, 5 ng.
 (2 patients), 50 ng.
 (2 patients), 500 ng.
 (4 patients), 5 micrograms (4 patients) and 25 micrograms (7 patients) were injected intracavernously, and pulse and blood pressure were monitored.
 Arterial inflow was measured by Doppler sonography, smooth muscle relaxation was determined by the analysis of cavernous electrical activity and cavernous outflow occlusion was recorded by cavernosometry.
 In 12 patients the erectile response of prostaglandin E1 was compared to the response of an equal (6 patients) or decreased dose of prostaglandin E1 combined with an equal weight of calcitonin-gene-related peptide.
 In 14 patients the erectile response to the combination of calcitonin-gene-related peptide and prostaglandin E1 was compared to the response of prostaglandin E1 alone, and with a combination of 15 mg./ml.
 papaverine and 0.5 mg./ml.
 phentolamine.
 Calcitonin-gene-related peptide induced an increase in the penile arterial inflow, cavernous smooth muscle relaxation and cavernous outflow occlusion.
 Histochemical results indicated nerve fibers positive for calcitonin-gene-related peptide within the cavernous bodies.
 A dose-dependent erectile response to calcitonin-gene-related peptide was observed at doses of 500 ng.
 to 25 micrograms.
 Systemic side effects were first observed at a dose of 25 micrograms in 2 of 7 patients.
 The combination of calcitonin-gene-related peptide and prostaglandin E1 was more effective in inducing a full erection than either prostaglandin E1 alone or the combination of papaverine and phentolamine.
 Pain was reported in 4% of the patients who received the combination of calcitonin-gene-related peptide and prostaglandin E1, whereas 42% of those who received prostaglandin E1 alone reported pain.
 Our results suggest that calcitonin-gene-related peptide may be a possible neurotransmitter for penile erection.
 A combination of calcitonin-gene-related peptide and prostaglandin E1 seems to be an effective alternative combination in the treatment of impotence.
