th grade essay question i need to write a two page essay on these options and i don't know which one to write about if a new version of macbeth were written today how would it differ from the original discuss an issue in today's society or your own life that seems paradoxical compare the matter to a paradox in one of john donne's poems of the works of george herbert henry vaughan and ben johnson which one do you most relate to and why hmmm what is bs basic shakespeare see answer below macbeth sounds easiest talk about how language would drastically change it would no longer sound like shakespeare costumes would also change suits and other modern clothing guns would be used instead of swords characters would change the witches probably wouldn't be depicted as witches they might be homeless women around a barrel fire there wouldn't be any kings but presidents or other men of power it may take place on a global scale rather than one kingdom it's pretty much a bs paper so thats the one i'd pick if you really want to impress you could say something about how morals have changed but i don't remember the story enough to talk about that Macbeth William Shakespeare English poetry Shakespeare's reputation Theory of conduct 17th century in literature John Steinbeck William Empson Shakespeare on screen John Donne Philosophy of language Blackadder Shakespearean authorship English literature John Updike C. S. Lewis Ewoks: The Battle for Endor British monarchy SAT Richard III (play) GED King James Version of the Bible William Davenant Noam Chomsky Friedrich Schiller Augustan poetry Nihilism Supergirl Franz Boas Social rule Deconstruction The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex David Hume Creation-evolution controversy Aesthetic Realism The Pet Sounds Sessions U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Parliament of the United Kingdom Theodicy Logic Aida (musical) Authentic performance English language Zeno's paradoxes E. E. Cummings The Phantom Mediation Thomas Middleton Literature Shakespeare in Love BASIC programming language Intelligent design Plame affair Sexual orientation Daredevil Monty Hall problem Samuel Johnson Feminism Pun Walter J. Ong Bernard Williams Economic inequality Ralph Vaughan Williams Frank Herbert Macbeth (opera) Guy Davenport The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Objectivist poets Federalist No. 10 Tl__n, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius Harvard Classics The Lion King Dmitri Shostakovich Our Friends in the North Prince Edmund (Blackadder) Anne Rice Lyric poetry St. John's College, U. S. The Pilgrim's Progress History of literature Hey Jude Identity Crisis (comics) Ghost Henri Bergson Pogo RuneScape quests M16 (rifle) Hamlet Ian McKellen English grammar Russell's paradox IB Diploma Programme Agnosticism Order of the Garter Elf Hans Christian Andersen Haiku Ezra Pound Perl 