can anybody help me i am taking part in hindi elocution competition and it is on tuesday i don't have any topic to say i will be very grateful to you if you help me by giving an essay full of humour if you can try plz plz plz yaar help me i am in lods of trouble thx in advance hershey chocolate hershey's chocolate Hersheypark The Hershey Company Hershey, Pennsylvania Milton S. Hershey Carrie Underwood Chocolate Barbara Hershey Glossary of partner dance terms The Truman Show Kit Kat RMS Titanic Indian English Candy bar Kishore Kumar Chocolate and slavery M&M's Toilet humour Hey Arnold! Social rule Cadbury Schweppes Heath bar Z__oty Ragnarok Online Roald Dahl Non-native pronunciations of English Road Warriors Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association Cocoa Hot Chocolate John Dalton Joy (novel) Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Breakfast Father Ted Pennsylvania Company town People's Republic of Poland Yankee Doodle GED United States Academic Decathlon Chocolate Salty Balls Ben Gurion International Airport The Fugs Judge Dredd Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory THX Donald Pleasence R. K. Narayan Newspaper Lebanon Valley College Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Border Defence Corps Kamal Haasan Customs and etiquette of Japan Helen Caldicott The Poisoned Chocolates Case Who Shot Mr. Burns? Thalia Sodi Cuisine of the Philippines Interactive fiction Graduate school Ocean's Twelve Genetic linkage Elocution Quebec French Autopoint Company The Family from One End Street Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory Bruce Johnson Lod Cockney Falling Down Like Water for Chocolate Hannah and Her Sisters THX 1138 Chocolate City Satyajit Ray Futurama (TV series - season 2) I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Arthur C. Clarke Hindi literature Tony Stewart Elections in the United States Alexander Graham Bell St. Valentine's Day Oakdale, California The Royal Dublin Fusiliers Saki Judge Hershey Ballroom dance Carnival Whose Line Is It Anyway? Municipalities of Switzerland Single Transferable Vote Child actor Rahul Dev Burman Kerry Armstrong Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Essay Jon Heidenreich 