hypotheses testing i'm having trouble with these two questions a survey of voters indicated that of them disagreesed with the court's ruling to hand count ballots in a recent election at a level of significance test the claim that amog the voting population more than half of the voters disagreed with the court's ruling to hand count ballots the general public watches an average of hours of television per week a national magazine claims that college students watch less television than the general public a sample of college students has a mean of hours with a standard deviation of hours assuming that the data comes from a normal distribution test the magazine's claim at a level of significance i need to know the hypotheses test statistic decision and conclusion one of these questions uses s and one of this questions uses sigma and i can't determine which one needs which can anyone please help walk me through the problems deez kweschuns ur fur smert peepel U.S. Electoral College Statistical hypothesis testing Quantitative marketing research Bush v. Gore Instant-runoff voting Margin of error U.S. presidential election, 2000 Single Transferable Vote 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Z-test Scientific method Race and intelligence 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Economics Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Plurality electoral system 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Elections in the United States Australian electoral system Mann-Whitney U George W. Bush Democracy Variance Student's t-distribution Experiment Philippine general election, 2004 Fair use Doomsday argument U.S. presidential election, 2004 Bayes' theorem Voter turnout 2003 California recall 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges GED Government of France Bayesian inference Christine Gregoire Referendum Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Race and intelligence (Average gaps among races) Census ELO rating system Student's t-test Race and intelligence (Culture-only or partially-genetic explanation) Borda count Hardy-Weinberg principle Minimum wage Unemployment Proportional representation Electronic voting Null hypothesis Venezuelan recall referendum, 2004 Elections in France 2005 Philippine electoral crisis Ralph Nader John Lott The Bell Curve Ballot 1995 Quebec referendum Political campaign Six Sigma Biology and sexual orientation Log-normal distribution Control chart Second language acquisition Mean SAT Autism Liberal Democrats (UK) Balassa-Samuelson effect New Zealand elections Sampling (statistics) Gravity Tennessee State Constitution Libertarian Party (United States) President of Germany Voting system Correlation Factor analysis Jeb Bush Psychology First Amendment to the United States Constitution Supreme Court of the United States Human penis size Monarchy in Canada Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Causality Confidence interval Human height Hardware random number generator Speaker of the British House of Commons 