Tumor cell lines established in vitro: an independent prognostic factor for survival in non-small-cell lung cancer.
 OBJECTIVE: To determine the relation between in-vitro establishment of tumor cell lines and survival in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer.
 DESIGN: Cohort study.
 SETTING: Single-institution tertiary care center.
 PATIENTS: One hundred twenty-three consecutive patients with non-small-cell lung cancer from whom a viable tumor specimen could be obtained.
 INTERVENTION: Tumor tissue was removed at the time of entry into a therapeutic protocol.
 The tumor tissue was processed in the laboratory for attempted cell-line establishment.
 Patients classified as potentially curable (stages I, II, and IIIA) were treated with surgical resection, radiation therapy, or a combination.
 Patients suitable for palliative therapy only (stages IIIB and IV) were treated with radiation therapy with or without chemotherapy.
 Chemotherapy was based on in-vitro drug sensitivity when available.
 Cell-line establishment was correlated to clinical outcome.
 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Univariate analysis of survival was done using the log-rank test; multivariate analysis was done by Cox modeling step-up and step-down techniques.
 Cell lines were established from the tumor specimens of 25 patients (20%).
 Those patients experienced a median survival of 7 months compared with 18 months in patients from whom cell lines could not be established (P less than 0.001).
 In the 61 patients with potentially curable disease, 8 patients (13%) with cell lines established had a median survival of 8 months compared with 32 months for those without cell lines established (P = 0.001).
 In the 62 palliative group patients, the median survival of the 17 patients (27%) from whom tumor cell lines were established was 5 months compared with 7 months for those without cell lines (P = 0.15).
 Multivariate analysis in both groups showed cell-line establishment to be a significant indicator of prognosis (P less than 0.0001 for curable group; P less than 0.01 for palliative group).
 CONCLUSION: In-vitro tumor growth is related to decreased patient survival, which in turn reflects the biologic aggressiveness of cancers giving rise to these tumor cell lines.
