Factors determining pulmonary deposition of aerosolized pentamidine in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
 Although aerosolized pentamidine (AP) has recently been approved for prophylaxis and is undergoing clinical trials for treatment of pneumocystis, pneumonia (PCP), factors important in the deposition of AP have not been described.
 Using radioaerosol techniques, deposition was measured in 22 patients receiving AP for prophylaxis or treatment of PCP.
 In all patients total and regional deposition of pentamidine, breathing pattern, pulmonary function (PFT), regional ventilation, and type of nebulizer were analyzed.
 Bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) was performed 24 h after inhalation to assess the relationship between pentamidine levels in BAL fluid and measured aerosol deposition.
 The nebulizers tested were the Marquest Respirgard II and the Cadema AeroTech II, both previously characterized in our laboratory.
 The aerosol particles consist of water droplets containing dissolved pentamidine and technetium 99m bound to albumin.
 Analysis of particles sampled during inhalation via cascade impaction confirmed a close relationship between radioactivity in the droplets and the concentration of pentamidine as measured by HPLC (r = 0.971, p less than 0.0001; n = 18).
 Deposition was measured by capturing inhaled and exhaled particles on absolute filters and measuring radioactivity.
 This technique allows the determination of the deposition fraction (DF, the fraction of the amount inhaled that is deposited), which provides information on factors strictly related to the patient.
 To confirm the filter measurements, pentamidine deposition was also measured by gamma camera.
 The camera measurement was possible because each patient's thoracic attenuation of radioactivity was determined by a quantitative perfusion scan (mg pentamidine deposited via both techniques, r = 0.949, p less than 0.0001; n = 26).
 Regional lung volume and ventilation were determined by xenon 133 equilibrium scan and washout.
 Pentamidine deposition varied markedly between patients, but BAL levels of pentamidine significantly correlated with measured deposition (r = 0.819, p less than 0.01; n = 9).
 DF averaged 0.621 +/- 0.027 (SEM) and did not correlate with any measured lung parameter, including breathing pattern and PFT.
 Regional deposition did not correlate with regional ventilation.
 The major factor influencing pentamidine deposition was aerosol delivery (mg deposited versus mg inhaled; r = 0.963, p less than 0.0001; n = 26).
 The nebulizer was an important determinant of aerosol delivery, with the AeroTech delivering between 2.5 and 5 times more drug than the Respirgard.
 These observations are important in assessing treatment failure and cost of therapy.
