CD4+ T cell clones specific for the human p97 melanoma-associated antigen can eradicate pulmonary metastases from a murine tumor expressing the p97 antigen.
 p97 is a human tumor-associated Ag present on most melanoma cells that represents a possible target for immunologic attack.
 To evaluate the capacity of T cells reactive with this protein to promote elimination of melanoma cells expressing p97, a murine model was developed by transfecting a C3H/HeN melanoma with the p97 cDNA, generating p97-specific CD4+ T cells by in vivo immunization of C3H/HeN mice with a vaccinia/p97 recombinant virus followed by in vitro cloning with soluble p97 protein, and determining whether these CD4+ T cells could mediate rejection of pulmonary metastases.
 Characterization of the T cell clones demonstrated the presence of both I-Ak and I-Ek-restricted clones, although the majority of clones recognized p97 in the context of I-Ek.
 Analysis of clonal specificity using truncated p97 proteins revealed that at least three epitopes were immunogenic, and further studies with overlapping 15-amino acid peptides from a region of the p97 molecule defined by these truncated proteins identified an immunodominant epitope responsible for the majority of the I-Ek response.
 The T cell clones were not capable of directly recognizing the p97-expressing melanoma cells but responded to the tumor if syngeneic APC were present to process the tumor-derived p97 Ag.
 The therapeutic efficacy of these CD4+ T cell clones was evaluated in an adoptive therapy model in which mice bearing metastatic pulmonary lesions were treated by i.v.
 administration of the p97-specific cells.
 Despite the inability of the CD4+ clones to directly respond to or lyse the tumor cells, the clones were effective in promoting tumor eradication.
 In vitro studies demonstrated that this may have reflected secretion of lymphokines that activated macrophages to lyse the tumor.
 The results suggest that noncytolytic p97-specific CD4+ T cell clones can be effective in therapy of pulmonary melanoma metastases.
 Moreover, if human T cells reactive with the p97 protein could be generated, the expression of this tumor-associated Ag in melanoma cells might be adequate for such T cells to mediate a therapeutic antitumor response.
