my mom objects to cheerleading but i want to cheer how can i convice my mom to let me cheerlead i really want to do cheerleading it is me last year at my school and i want to cheerlead more than anything but my mom wont let me she comes up with any excuse she can to keep me away from it she says that cheerleaders are show offs and they are snobs and preps but thats only a stupid stereotype how can i convince her that cheerleading is not bad and to let me cheer talk to her that's how it was with my dad last year he didn't want me to tryout he said cheerleaders were only in it to wear short skirts and to get guys which is a horrible stereotype so i talked to my dad a lot then i had him come to tryouts i told him to come and see how hard it is and it's not as simple as it seems i made the team and my dad was right there watching he never realised how much flexablility teamwork tumbling skills and fit you have to be to make it have your mom come to try out practices or to try outs show her how much this would mean to me Cheerleading Teen Girl Squad Kyle Broflovski Xiaolin Showdown Recurring South Park characters Dad's Army Doug Teamo Supremo I Am Furious Yellow The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Ren and Stimpy The Fairly OddParents Married... with Children Kim Possible Saved by the Bell The Adventures of Pete & Pete Peter Griffin Rocko's Modern Life Mr. and Mrs. Turner Napoleon Dynamite Joke Intelligence quotient RuneScape quests Totally Spies! Garfield One Tree Hill (TV series) Shaggy dog story Marching band Kim Possible: So the Drama Calvin and Hobbes Dexter's Laboratory Eric Cartman Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders The dozens Treehouse of Horror V My Life as a Teenage Robot Futurama (TV series - season 5) Futurama (TV series - season 2) Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Family Guy High school subcultures The Strangerhood Friends The Catcher in the Rye Kimi Finster Jeopardy! in culture Back to the Future Situation comedy Tag The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Kodocha Vicky (The Fairly OddParents) Seth MacFarlane Freak Strike Social rule Sinfest My Name Is Earl Pok__mon Live! Pitaten Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide The Simpsons Invader Zim Bro'Town Great Teacher Onizuka Minor characters in Seinfeld Sydney Bristow Father's Day (Doctor Who) The Angry Beavers Jon Heidenreich Butters Stotch 1957 World Series Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) American Dad! Hey Jude Timmy Turner Rent (musical) Van Houten family Son Goku (Dragon Ball) Cow and Chicken Ty Cobb Soccer mom SmartAsk Cheers Fruits Basket Public relations KaBlam! Cordelia Chase Das Lied von der Erde Grandview, U.S.A. Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner? Late Night with Conan O'Brien Joe DiMaggio The Jim Rome Show The Young Ones (TV series) Meat Loaf Ray Winstone The Losing Edge Theory of conduct 