has anyone been to one of the 'future football stars' events at the hop farm in paddock wood it's on this weekend and is an event for children who play football to train with and possibly be talent scouted by professional coaches from premiership teams if you have been to one of these events in previous years what was it like i e was it worth going to and did you have an enjoyable day i'm thinking about taking my son who is a keen footballer but as it is quite a long journey to get there and back i only want to go if it's going to be worthwhile i've also read that last year there were about children who took part over the three days and am wondering if my son will get enough out of the experience both time and attention wise taking this fact into consideration i'd be grateful for any information thanks nope National Football League Football (soccer) American football Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Essendon Football Club Norway national football team Jim Thorpe Newcastle United F.C. Australian rules football West Bromwich Albion F.C. Bobby Charlton Alex Ferguson FA Cup Kansas City Chiefs Salary cap Minor league baseball World Football League Cheerleading Western Australian Football League Kangaroos Football Club Cincinnati Bengals Canadian football Steve Coppell Canterbury Bulldogs Coach (sport) Canadian Football League Black hole Melbourne Cricket Ground Steve McManaman Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Harry Redknapp Glossary of American football Denis Law UEFA Champions League Super Bowl Aston Villa F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. FA Premier League Pittsburgh Steelers Portsmouth F.C. Baseball Leicester Tigers 2005 NFL season Melbourne Football Club 2004-05 in English football Crystal Palace F.C. Miyamoto Musashi Rugby union Beaumont children disappearance New York Jets Caulfield Grammar School Bowl Championship Series Teddy Sheringham The Ashes FA Premier League 1994-95 Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an San Francisco 49ers Sport in the United Kingdom Wigan Athletic F.C. Newcastle upon Tyne Middlesbrough F.C. The Football League Mr. T Fitzroy Football Club Wimbledon F.C. Bristol Rugby Notts County F.C. Oakland Raiders Sydney Riot of 1879 Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Major League Baseball All-Star Game Dennis Bergkamp Clive Woodward Millwall F.C. Sport Carolina Panthers South Australian National Football League Frank Lampard Richmond Football Club Memorial Stadium, Clemson Ocean's Twelve Milton H. Erickson National Basketball Association Sunderland A.F.C. Ars__ne Wenger Tennessee Titans Bud Adams Torquay United F.C. Monday Night Football Roger Federer Ty Cobb Playoff The Scout Association of Hong Kong NBA Finals Joe Namath Super Bowl XXVII Celtic F.C. Kenny Dalglish 