what would you rather chocolate or candy do it with micheal jasckson or mickey mouse tell off your mom or your dad live with george bush or arnold shwartzenegger chocolate mickey mouse dad shwartzenegger Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film) Fictional crossover Hey Arnold! Razzie Award for Worst Actor Cathy Recurring South Park characters Teamo Supremo Mickey Mouse Club Candy bar Mickey Mouse Works Goofy Mouse Who Shot Mr. Burns? Mickey Mouse Minnie Mouse Minor characters in Seinfeld Springfield Elementary School The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Magical objects in Harry Potter Happy Meal My Name Is Earl Mickey Leland Homer Simpson Jeb Bush Grandview, U.S.A. Mickey Rooney Rugrats Blackface The Rescuers Chocolate Disney's House of Mouse Garfield (film) Calvin and Hobbes Nelson Muntz The Rescuers Down Under Kyle Broflovski Peanut butter The Angry Beavers The Hershey Company The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius Soccer mom Mr. and Mrs. Turner Dennis the Menace (UK) Twix M&M's Shaggy dog story Dexter's Laboratory Confectionery Mickey's Christmas Carol Pluto (Disney) Floyd Gottfredson Hersheypark Phil of the Future Air Pirates Mouse (computing) Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Halloween American Beauty (album) Donald Duck PEZ Dad's Army Academy Award for Animated Short Film Dance Dance Revolution (Game Boy versions) Disney's Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory Cindy Sheehan Babe Ruth U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Cosmo Kramer Steamboat Willie George Bush Intercontinental Airport 2004 Republican National Convention Willy Wonka George H. W. Bush Copyright Magic Kingdom Stage name Bo Derek Horace Horsecollar Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era, 1965-1968 Fred Phelps Black Pete Timeline of the BBC Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) Bushism Disney Channel The Walt Disney Company Phantom Blot Doug The finger Walt Disney Clarabelle Cow Mousetrap Ren and Stimpy Seinfeld Don Rosa The Late Show Bro'Town Academy Award for Original Music Score Life on Mars? 