where are chester and smitty today do they only play on the computer at work with any luck their car went over a cliff last night and we will never hear from them again Winning Streak Cliff Burton Pixar Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Shit Board game Cliffhanger The Hobbit Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority $ale of the Century Serial Daniel Chester French Monopoly (game) Chester Bennington University of Sunderland USS Wahoo (SS-238) Steven Wright Johnny 5 Gliding W. H. Auden Blue Mountains Press Your Luck Chester County, Pennsylvania Ballwin, Missouri Battle of Saipan The Adventures of Pete & Pete Cliff Richard Phil Collins Chester Brown Jeopardy! in culture Dude, Where's My Car? USS United States (1797) Thomas Telford Computer role-playing game Marge on the Lam Pitaten Sharon Tate Adam Sandler Stunt Sunday Times Rich List 2004 Good Night, and Good Luck Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas San Francisco cable car system Van Morrison Road traffic accident Suspicion (film) Chester, Pennsylvania Moss v. Bush Cliff Jones Back to the Future Part III Donald Neilson Mike Read How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying Morristown and Erie Railway Peter Forsberg Battle of Jutland Edward R. Murrow Outstanding Cartoonist of the Year Chester Calculus Red Hot Chili Peppers Bruce Welch Crown Court Walker, Texas Ranger Baseball Stars SEPTA Regional Rail University of Waterloo U.S. Highway 202 Funicular James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing OK Computer Chester, Vermont Silent Night, Deadly Night Clifford A. Pickover Chester Carlson Cliff and Nina Warner Francis Poulenc British Rail Class 507 Rocko's Modern Life Unassisted triple play Battle of Normandy 24 Hours of Le Mans What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film) Technology Situation comedy Film soundtrack Geoff Crammond Chester A. Arthur Cliff Bastin Rochester Institute of Technology American and British English differences Advanced Squad Leader Chester City F.C. Lisp programming language Betting (poker) Quantum Computer and video game genres The Fairly OddParents Stan Freberg West Chester, Pennsylvania 