how many back alley abortions do you estimate take place in south carolina every year does it really matter or is it a better question to ask why they weren't able to see a professional doctor or why they decided to get an abortion the one exception to this worst case scenario allows injustice to beseen in a dogmatic blanket opposition Abortion in the United States Roe v. Wade Mitt Romney Abortion in Canada Ethics Abortion debate Partial-birth abortion Appeal Stenberg v. Carhart Religion and abortion The Jeffersons (South Park) U.S. presidential election, 2000 Supreme Court of the United States Pro-life First Council of Nicaea Lawrence v. Texas Equal Rights Amendment U.S. presidential election, 2004 Constitution of Ireland Emergency contraception Interstate 95 Creationism Roman Catholic Church Informed consent Anti-abortion movement Space Shuttle program Intact dilation and extraction Philosophical skepticism South Carolina Abortion in Ireland Pro-choice Hearsay Juris Doctor Professional wrestling slang Carolina Panthers Democratic Party (United States) Samuel Alito Theory of conduct Smallpox Miscarriage Adversarial system R. v. Morgentaler Harry Blackmun Characterisation (conflict) Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Originalism John Roberts Supreme Court nomination and hearings Casualty lifting Abortion United States district court Dark energy Risk management Canadian House of Commons Mother Teresa Eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland Canadian Senate Alan Keyes Battle of the Bulge Article One of the United States Constitution The Cider House Rules Lawyer Person Tropical cyclone Ruth Bader Ginsburg Benigno Aquino, Jr. Practices of Jehovah's Witnesses Jewish denominations 2003 Invasion of Iraq Pope John Paul II Mootness Capital punishment Feminism Medical University of South Carolina Republican Party (United States) Stanley Cup Gender-neutral language Timeline of the Universe Japanese American internment 10 Rillington Place Transsexuality Professional wrestling match types Ted Kennedy Gallicanism Corporate finance Academia Planned Parenthood v. Casey Dark Phoenix Saga Down syndrome Margaret Sanger Investigations since the Fiji coup of 2000 State supreme court Stare decisis Rush Limbaugh Henry Morgentaler Ambrose Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dubuque U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Tax protester 