would it be strange for me to run for asb this year last year i ran and lost by one vote to a senior he has graduated so i'm thinking of running again should i or would that be weird not at all weird you will never succeed if you give up after your near misses if you had not gotten any votes at all or lost by a landslide i might say that you would be beating your head against a wall to run again but under your current circumstances i think it is the right thing to do you do need to realize though that others might run this year who didn't run last so there is no guarantee you would win this time but if you ever want to win you have to run Carolina Panthers New York Giants Bowl Championship Series Cincinnati Bengals Hubert H. Humphrey Beat It Torquay United F.C. Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 U.S. presidential election, 1980 Voting system Detroit Red Wings Floyd B. Olson Satchel Paige Walter Mondale San Francisco 49ers Miami Dolphins U.S. Electoral College Elections in the United Kingdom Canadian House of Commons Democratic Party (United States) Big Brother (USA TV series) Buffalo Bills Melbourne Football Club Barack Obama Seattle Mariners George Wallace One Tree Hill (TV series) New York Jets Hendrick Motorsports Poker jargon Jeb Bush Third party (United States) Ken Jennings Indian cricket team in Zimbabwe in 2005-06 1986 National League Championship Series Reggie Jackson Labour Party (UK) U.S. presidential election, 1972 Tranmere Rovers F.C. Spidey Super Stories Hillary Rodham Clinton Shaggy dog story The West Wing (television) John Aldridge Single Transferable Vote Cork City F.C. Denis Law God Emperor of Dune Survivor: Palau Gerry Phillips Landslide victory Clark Ashton Smith 2005 English cricket season Sammy Sosa Super Bowl XXIV The Demon Headmaster Joe Frazier Jack Charlton International League Fanny Blankers-Koen Pete Rose 2003 California recall The Wall Barry Goldwater Gough Whitlam Order of succession 1919 World Series Politics of the United Kingdom Tulane University Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Liberal Party (UK) Liberal Party of Canada leadership convention, 1968 Tris Speaker Chicago Cubs The Apprentice 2 Al Gore Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Indian Oil Cup 2005 The Inside National Football League Lore Quizbowl Condoleezza Rice Paul Hackett Ty Cobb President of Germany Derek Jeter 2000 Australian Grand Prix Jean Schmidt Gerrymandering The Contender (television series) U.S. presidential election, 1968 West Indian cricket team Crash Nitro Kart (PS2) Robert Byrd Pok__mon Live! Mack Brown Freestyle music The Price Is Right Condorcet method Last Exile 