yugioh riddle puzzle first person to get this right will get points monster has atk and def monster has atk and def monster is created by fusing these two together easy monster dark magician monster buster blader monster dark paladin Yugi Mutou Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Yu-Gi-Oh! Slifer the Sky Dragon Obelisk the Tormentor Waking the Dragons Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Bubble Bobble Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Bard's Tale (1985) Duelist Kingdom Quest for Glory Diablo II Riddle Virtual Realm Magic (illusion) Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters RuneScape quests Ryo Bakura Boss (video games) Final Fantasy XI Digimon Pools of Darkness Mos Def Final Fantasy (video game) Duel Disk Puzzle Mahou Sentai Magiranger Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Def Leppard Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Millennium Items Fire Emblem: The Sacred Stones Heavy metal music Minor characters in Teen Titans (animated series) Timeline of heavy metal Monster Soul Blazer Deadly Rooms of Death Bastion Misawa Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Eggerland series Dragon Quest Wizard Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters SpaceGodzilla (monster) Ragnarok Online Riddler British comic Egyptian God Cards Marik Ishtar Darkstalkers The Great American Bash Brave Fencer Musashi Seto Kaiba Anzu Mazaki Link (Legend of Zelda) Final Fantasy IV Charmbracelet Xiaolin Showdown Lufia: The Ruins of Lore Buster (comic) Jaden Yuki Tower of Druaga Fire Emblem Spells of Dungeons & Dragons Monsters of Rock Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem Alister (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Dungeons & Dragons manuals Lord Zedd Level design Objective Individual Combat Weapon Paladin (character class) Puzzle Bobble 4 Cloud Strife MapleStory Paladin (World of Warcraft) Pac-Man Resident Evil (video game) Items in the Metroid series Monster Manual Force (Star Wars) Wild ARMs 2 PostScript Warlock (World of Warcraft) Warrior (World of Warcraft) Flying Spaghetti Monsterism Mega Man (NES) The Monsters Are Due on Maple Street Skinny Puppy Maximillion Pegasus Dark Age of Camelot VS System Grue (monster) 