is it true that politicians get free portraits taken i want to be a politician senator for my state in new york in the future i already am a member of the democratic party and i plan to run when i reach my 's howeber i don't want to pay for my mandatory portrait so are congressmen and senators given free portraits money is not a factor my father works in business and he'll probably donate to my campaign though i'm not sure about the little things once i get elected if you are serious invest in your future if you are worried about a few hundred dollars for a pro to make you look great what will your campaign look like cant pay for professional images cant pay for a campaign edit im going to treat this as an attempt at humour by you you will need shots for your campaign right well use an ameteur and you will look it pay for a pro and you will look like a professional candidate a Campaign finance reform Democratic Party (United States) Russ Feingold Politics of the United States Howard Dean Elections in the United States United States House of Representatives Political campaign Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 Congress of the United States Politics of Canada John Edwards Third party (United States) Libertarian Party (United States) Read my lips: no new taxes Flat tax President of the United States Jean Schmidt U.S. House election, 2006 United States Senate Jerry Brown Paul Wellstone U.S. presidential election, 2008 Robert Patrick Casey, Jr. U.S. Senate election, 2006 Strom Thurmond Gerrymandering Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Tom DeLay U.S. presidential election, 2004 Eliot Spitzer California government and politics Republican Party (United States) Canadian federal election, 1993 MoveOn Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Insurance U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 U.S. Senate election, 2004 Ohio Republican Party Jesse Ventura Abramoff-Reed Indian Gambling Scandal FairTax Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Philippine general election, 2004 Ralph Nader John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Barack Obama 2004 Democratic National Convention David Duke Canadian Senate Social Security (United States) Donald Trump Hubert H. Humphrey Bruce Johnson Paul Hackett 2003 California recall Bernie Sanders U.S. presidential election, 1988 U.S. presidential election, 1996 Capitalism Rick Santorum 2004 Republican National Convention U.S. presidential election, 1972 U.S. Electoral College Evan Mecham Ralph Yarborough Jeb Bush New York City mayoral election, 2005 Reform Party of the United States of America George Pataki George W. Bush John Jay Hooker U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 Election Al Gore Brian Lenihan Norm Coleman Liberal Democrats (UK) Karl Rove Frank Rizzo Richard Stallman Ron Paul Conservative Party of Canada Martin J. O'Malley Canadian federal election, 2004 Lyndon B. Johnson Australian Labor Party George H. W. Bush John Kerry U.S. presidential election, 2006 (The West Wing) New York gubernatorial election, 2006 Warren Buffett Rick Renzi National Kidney Foundation Singapore Maria Cantwell Rhinoceros Party of Canada Dennis Kucinich 