photoshoots in northern ireland is there any places you can get makeup done and professional photos taken but not for an acutal job or anything just for a fun day out hanna i looked around before christmas last year for my other half and there wasn't anywhere then i ended up taking her to london for a make over day and photo shoot they're not all that they are cracked up to be i was waiting around for hours then we had to face the hard sell of the photo's which was't very nice have a spa day at a country club instead you will enjoy it more Jack Charlton Norway national football team Alex Ferguson 2000 Australian Grand Prix The Den (television) Ferris Bueller's Day Off Avenue Q Bon Jovi Crystal Palace F.C. The Ashlee Simpson Show Paul Is Dead Apollo 8 Poker jargon Viva La Bam Cricket Winning Streak 2005 Scott Tournament of Hearts Hendon F.C. History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Wallace and Gromit Ocean's Twelve Humphrey Bogart Carpenters Gliding Playoff International League Jennifer Lopez The Contender (television series) The Emancipation of Mimi Patricia Ford The Big Break Hal Trosky Eddie Guerrero Newcastle United F.C. Troms__ I.L. Christina Aguilera Kodocha EastEnders Rugby union Torquay United F.C. The Pet Sounds Sessions London Pitaten Gay bathhouse Digital photography Photography Professional wrestling slang Irish Guards Cyndi Lauper Time Out of Mind ABBA Make money fast Cliff Richard Sport Golf Green Day Cocaine Pixie (glamour model) Sundial Ford Motor Company Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Sauna Do They Know It's Christmas? Perry Como Meat Loaf Ben Johnson (athlete) The Open Championship Chelsea F.C. The Beach Boys Jackass: The Movie Hikikomori Care Bears February 2005 in sports Wrigley Field National Football League Piccolo Junior Saga The Inside Tom Waits Social rule Band Aid (band) Walt Disney World Resort Prostitution Manhunt (video game) Birthday Peter Shilton Suplex Shaggy dog story 1896 Summer Olympics Butterfly Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March The Apprentice 2 Carolina Panthers Sport in Ireland W. G. Grace Videocon Tri-Series 2005-06 2002 Tour de France Leeds United F.C. ITunes Music Store Michael Watson 