where to hold fantasy football draft this year where should my league of guys hold our fantasy football draft this year some guys are under so no strip clubs or bars but where would be a good place to hold a draft of guys rather than a house or something lame and no where expensive or outrageous wonder if you have a buffalo wild wings near you if so you can tell them you are having a draft soon and they might give you guys some money about dollars for food and they give you a draft board to follow your draft not to mention all the tv's with sports on and beer for the older guys in your league you can not beat that deal right now check out this link and see if you have one near you and then call them and tell them the time you will have the draft Buffalo Bills American Football League New York Giants Los Angeles Clippers Minor league baseball NFL Draft New England Patriots Football Playoff Montreal Canadiens Pittsburgh Steelers Rugby league Major League Baseball History of rugby union Detroit Red Wings Buffalo, New York San Francisco 49ers American football Football (soccer) International League Rugby union Super Bowl XXVII Poker jargon New York Jets Canadian Football League NHL Entry Draft Carolina Panthers Pete Rose FC Barcelona AFL-NFL Merger Troms__ I.L. Reserve clause Texas hold 'em Green Bay Packers The Football League Ice hockey Denver Broncos National Hockey League All-Star Game Football in England Canadian football R.S.C. Anderlecht Rugby football Satchel Paige Chelsea F.C. Los Angeles Kings 2004-05 in English football Sport 1983 NHL Entry Draft National Football League Lore Wigan Athletic F.C. League Cup University of Miami Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Stud poker Draw poker Cleveland Browns Victorian Football League Manchester United F.C. Salary cap Portsmouth F.C. Fantasy football (American) Columbia University Gaelic football Pro Football Hall of Fame Coventry City F.C. FA Cup East Carolina University Torquay United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. May 2005 in sports Eric Cartman Football in Sweden Deion Sanders Match fixing College basketball All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Sunderland A.F.C. Jacksonville Jaguars Fiat money NFL on television Plymouth Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Japanese baseball Sports timeline Newcastle United F.C. Dallas Cowboys Kansas City Chiefs Troy Aikman Qu__bec Nordiques Amateurism Football Conference Cliftonville F.C. Melbourne Football Club Jokerit Daryle Lamonica IFK G__teborg Water polo Peyton Manning 