how do i hide my email on fantasy football i accidentally put my email to be shown on a fantasy football league and i don't want other people to be able to see it how can i change it so that it is hidden i will take you step by step you go to the title that says my team at the top of the league page you click on that and your team comes up in the subtitles all the way to the right there is one that says edit team info click on that scroll down to the bottom to where it says allow others in league to see my email address and choose no after that click save and then your email address will be hidden good luck Gmail GameFAQs Football Conference Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Internet fraud The Football League DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution 7thMIX Danger Hiptop IPod Opera (web browser) The Best Page in the Universe Cork City F.C. Arsenal F.C. DDRMAX: Dance Dance Revolution Minesweeper (computer game) National League System Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME (North America) DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution Dance Dance Revolution ULTRAMIX Troms__ I.L. Dance Dance Revolution ULTRAMIX 2 Homestar Runner Baseball AmigaOS E-mail Rugby league Stopping e-mail abuse Fighting Fantasy Game Books America Online Bundesliga (football) Aberdeen F.C. Whois DDRMAX: Dance Dance Revolution 6thMIX Wheel of Fortune Dundee United F.C. Mouse (computing) Carlisle United F.C. Wrigley Field Playoff Email authentication Crystal Palace F.C. Beatmania IIDX FA Cup Option key Baseball Stars Canadian football Isthmian League Pretty Good Privacy University of Michigan FC Barcelona E-mail spam Dog agility J. League NFL Europe American football UEFA Champions League Football in Sweden Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Canadian Football League Nottingham Forest F.C. American Football League Final Fantasy IX Spamdexing Marching band Gaelic football Cleveland Browns National Football League The Standard Australian Football League Sheffield United F.C. Web traffic Denial-of-service attack FA Premier League West Bromwich Albion F.C. Football in England Yu-Gi-Oh! Al Michaels Southern Football League Aston Villa F.C. National Football League (Ireland) 2005 World Series Advance fee fraud 1986 World Series Relegation Search engine optimization Jupiler League New York Giants RuneScape cheats FA Premier League 2004-05 Chris Benoit Dance Dance Revolution 4thMIX Hello world program Make money fast Victorian Football League Teen Girl Squad Iran's Premier Football League All your base are belong to us 