who was the last player to captain england before david beckham martin keown arsneal David Beckham Martin Keown England national football team FIFA World Player of the Year Bend It Like Beckham Tony Adams (footballer) Victoria Beckham Lee Dixon Michael Owen Nigel Winterburn Manchester United F.C. Bryan Robson Alan Shearer English cricket team Sven-G__ran Eriksson Bobby Charlton England national rugby union team Manchester United 1986-1999 Steven Gerrard Preston North End F.C. Ryan Giggs Kenny Sansom New Zealand cricket team Leicester Tigers England national football team records David Gower Todd McFarlane Martin Peters Nobby Stiles David Platt Australian national rugby union team Hand of God goal Scotland national rugby union team 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand English national cricket captains F.C. United of Manchester FA Cup 100 Worst Britons Australian national cricket captains Football culture Football chant Manchester United 1999-present Andrew Morton (writer) Celtic F.C. Martin Johnson Bath Rugby Glenn Hoddle Ian Botham Indian national cricket captains Steve McManaman Real Madrid History of Arsenal F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. BBC Sports Personality of the Year Luton Town F.C. FIFA 100 Nottingham Forest F.C. Wayne Rooney Reading F.C. International cricket in South Africa (1971 to 1981) Australian cricket team Ali Daei West Ham United F.C. Sol Campbell Buffalo Sabres London Borough of Waltham Forest FA Premier League 1995-96 Coventry City F.C. Chicago Blackhawks Nick Faldo Gary Neville FA Premier League 2003-04 Alan Hansen Cricket FIFA Series Michael Vaughan Mullet (haircut) BBC's 100 Greatest Britons West Indian cricket team Darren Anderton Football in England Sixty-fifth United States Congress Sixty-fourth United States Congress Martin Frobisher 1966 World Cup Final History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) Pittsburgh Penguins Ottawa Senators Sixty-sixth United States Congress History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Germany national football team Friday Night with Jonathan Ross Tampa Bay Lightning Madame Tussauds Obsessive-compulsive disorder Live 8 concert, London Mike Atherton Mohawk hairstyle Hartford Whalers Colorado Avalanche 