a side football west midlands i organise football at powerleague halesowen west midlands though anyone will tell you getting players at different times each week is very hard does anyone know any players or full teams that want to play regularly in the birmingham area nope sorry West Midlands (county) Football (soccer) The Football League Western Australian Football League Canadian Football League Gaelic football National Football League Leeds United F.C. FA Cup Worcestershire American football Midlands Football in England England national football team Rugby football Aston Villa F.C. Redcliffe-Maud Report Australian rules football Rugby league West Bromwich Albion F.C. Germany national football team Derby County F.C. Football at the Summer Olympics Rugby union Black Country FA Premier League 2001-02 Canadian football Norway national football team Football World Cup Football in Sweden Sydney Swans Midland Metro Wrexham A.F.C. Tommy Smith Ali Daei World Football League Leicester City F.C. College football Dudley Wahoo McDaniel Football (soccer) positions Coventry Fulham F.C. Football Farnborough Town F.C. United States Football League Bundesliga (football) Leigh Richmond Roose Glossary of American football English cricket team League Cup Football in the United Kingdom Essendon Football Club History of rugby union Handsworth, West Midlands Scottish Junior Football Association Oldbury, West Midlands Memorial Stadium, Clemson Birmingham New Street Station West Midlands Passenger Transport Executive England national rugby union team David Burrows American Football League Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Wolverhampton West Shore Railroad 2004-05 in English football Midland, Texas Amateurism Government of Birmingham Penalty kick (football) Trevor Francis Football World Cup 1990 Barnsley F.C. Blackheath, West Midlands Ipswich Town F.C. Birmingham Bryan Robson Pogus Caesar Frank Lampard Birmingham International Airport (UK) Midland Counties Railway Cincinnati Bengals Newcastle United F.C. Australian Football League Arena football Central Trains Sudden death South Australian National Football League Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Italy national football team Ray Harford Rugby, Warwickshire Field hockey English English Notts County F.C. Ultimate (sport) Francis Brett Young Southern Football League 