what do you guys think is gonna happen to thierry in barca frankly i think he will have problems although i love henry and think he was one of the greats back in the day there is no denying he is aging and you can see it slowly creeping up on his game not to mention pay attention tommorow if you get a chance it's the second leg of the asian tour and you'll see that when he doesn't know the camera is on him he is always frowning or yelling at someone i think he isn't handling not being the biggest star at the club as well as he thought he should have a good season though although i expect alot of controversy The Ashlee Simpson Show Thierry Henry Shaggy dog story Piccolo Junior Saga Poker jargon Humphrey Bogart Time Out of Mind Bon Jovi The Inside National Football League Undergrads Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Late Night with Conan O'Brien Atomic Kitten The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Norway national football team Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Rob Zombie Monday Night Football Tennis Hey Arnold! Bowl Championship Series History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) AFI 100 Years series Kylie Minogue Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist International cricket in 2005 Coming of Age (TNG episode) Aerial (dance move) Silent Night, Deadly Night True Crime: Streets of LA Phoebe Buffay's songs The Amazing Race Patrick Star Tris Speaker Kodocha Pok__mon Live! Big Brother (USA TV series) Future-Drama Ex-gay Paintball Michael Schumacher Brian Close Theodicy W. Daniel Hillis Oasis (band) Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Debugging Robert Pir__s ELO rating system Tina Turner American football Extreme Programming Conker's Bad Fur Day Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword Crystal Palace F.C. PANICS Milton H. Erickson NWo Torquay United F.C. Babe Ruth's Called Shot Hannibal Pok__mon Chronicles The Fairly OddParents Retcon Babe Ruth AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes Friends Sheepshead Winning Streak Super Mario 64 DS Married... with Children Janet Jackson Theory of conduct History of SNL:1980-1985 Trailer Park Boys A Day in the Life We Belong Together History of Arsenal F.C. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Street-Legal Pittsburgh Steelers Reservoir Dogs The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Newcastle United F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. FA Cup Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Girls Aloud Damn Yankees Cyndi Lauper Hulk Hogan Political correctness Haven (TNG episode) Planet Waves The Father, The Son, and The Holy Guest Star Ed, Edd n Eddy Knots Landing SMTV Live 