ever dream that you are playing with your favorite player or team which team and players would they be what position did you play how about that you score the winning goal was it a golazo win the world cup which team did you beat or that you blocked a shot by a famous player iv'e never dreamt about football but if there was a wish i would play for fc barcelona along thierry henry he would play central forward i would setlle for right or left i would love to convert one of his allways perfect passes into a winning goal yea why not win the world cup for france id beat italy this time no offences i would block shots by robinho in liga and luca toni in wc final Football (soccer) Rugby union Norway national football team Brazil national football team Real Madrid Water polo Ice hockey Canadian football Italy national football team Germany national football team Jack Charlton FA Cup Paul Ince Football World Cup Aston Villa F.C. Thierry Henry Ronaldo Cincinnati Bengals Troms__ I.L. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. National Football League Lore Diego Maradona Dennis Bergkamp Football World Cup 1990 Michael Laudrup Robert Pir__s R.S.C. Anderlecht Rugby league Football World Cup 2002 Leeds United F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Football World Cup 1958 England national football team FC Barcelona Crystal Palace F.C. Bryan Robson IFK G__teborg Josep Guardiola Ra__l Gonz__lez Gabriel Batistuta Michael Owen Football World Cup 1954 Australian rules football Glossary of American football Preston North End F.C. Wales national rugby union team England national rugby union team Bobby Charlton Blitzball Football World Cup 1978 La Liga Essendon Football Club Michael Jordan Football World Cup 1966 Denis Law Peter Shilton Maccabi Haifa F.C. John Aldridge American football Alex Ferguson Kevin Keegan Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Super Bowl XXVII Gianluca Vialli Super Bowl XXXIV Philip Cocu Detroit Red Wings Manchester United F.C. Dundee United F.C. Hugo S__nchez Table tennis Santos Futebol Clube Davis Cup Chicago Bulls History of Arsenal F.C. League Cup Football World Cup 1930 Deco Ian Wright Dream Team Batting (cricket) Buffalo Bills Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Geoff Hurst Sports in Puerto Rico Leicester City F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Ronaldinho Football (soccer) positions Volleyball David Beckham Football World Cup 1970 