how long will fabregas stay with arsenal i've heard he is destined to play for barca but why would he want to leave if they keep surrounding him with the best young talent in the world i think he stays until he conquers the epl anyone out there with insider info well he has made it clear that his stay at arsenal is as lomg as wenger's the day wenger says i quit fabregas would leave the club as well it has been reported that wenger has refused to extend or renew his contract maybe this is his last year at the emirates so if wenger leaves next season so will fabregas moreover fabregas has openely excepted that it is his dream to play for barca and would be proud to do so so i wouldn't be surprised if fabregas and wenger both leave for spain next season Ars__ne Wenger Francesc Fabregas Lee Dixon Emirates Stadium Arsenal F.C. Thierry Henry Dennis Bergkamp Arsenal F.C. statistics Robin van Persie Patrick Vieira David Beckham Nigel Winterburn Tony Adams (footballer) FA Premier League 2003-04 Robert Pir__s Eduardo C__sar Gaspar Wenger Paul Merson Everton F.C. Fredrik Ljungberg Peter Shilton Swiss Army knife Ian Wright Denis Law Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix History of Arsenal F.C. Frank Rijkaard Nicolas Anelka Zlatan Ibrahimovi__ Nwankwo Kanu Knife Josep Guardiola West Bromwich Albion F.C. Michael Owen Hannibal Michael Ballack FA Premier League Viv Anderson FA Premier League 1997-98 Boston Red Sox Billy Bremner Negro league baseball 2004-05 in English football One Tree Hill (TV series) Wayne Rooney Minor league baseball Emirates Sol Campbell Roman Republic Jon Secada Real Madrid Giovanni van Bronckhorst FC Rostov Arsenal Stadium Chicago White Sox Exosquad characters David O'Leary Newcastle United F.C. Claudio Ranieri National Football League Paul Morphy Steve Bould Aston Villa F.C. Jack Charlton Ipswich Town F.C. Community of practice Nottingham Forest F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. 2004-05 NHL lockout RC Strasbourg R.S.C. Anderlecht Penske Racing AFI (band) Oakland Athletics Sliders Episodes of Lost (Season 1) J. League Timeline of Portuguese history (Lusitania and Gallaecia) Barcelona Tuskegee Syphilis Study The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Trevor Cherry Visa (document) Johnny Giles Detroit Red Wings PGA European Tour UEFA Champions League David Rocastle Bobby Gould Steve Coppell Swindon Town F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Francisco Pizarro Nico Robin Martin Keown Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Mark Antony Pedro Calder__n de la Barca 