does it not piss you off when real madrid do not want to pay the fees for the players they want they make such a big deal when they are the richest club they wanted to get ballack and robben for million which is really dumb but they are willing to get kaka for million this is a club that has hardly ever developed any talent with the exception of raul they buy everything and milk the life out their players till extinction pathetic Real Madrid Chelsea F.C. 2004-05 in English football David Beckham Steve McManaman Arjen Robben Alex Ferguson Michael Ballack Donald Trump PSV Eindhoven Oakland Athletics Salary cap Michael Owen Luis Figo Newcastle United F.C. Ra__l Gonz__lez Minor league baseball Aston Villa F.C. MMORPG Betting (poker) UEFA Champions League Sammy Sosa Portsmouth F.C. Zin__dine Zidane Damien Duff Michael Laudrup August 2005 in sports Major professional sports league 2004-05 NHL lockout Madrid Wayne Rooney Nicolas Anelka Toilet humour FC Barcelona Los Angeles Dodgers Hugo S__nchez Utah Jazz The Football League Dairy Denis Law Pittsburgh Penguins Kaka Futebol Clube do Porto Los Angeles Kings National Football League Home Box Office Blackburn Rovers F.C. Bobby Charlton West Bromwich Albion F.C. Paul Gascoigne Alex Rodriguez Atl__tico de Madrid Paleoclimatology Texas hold 'em Major League Baseball television contracts Wal-Mart Everton F.C. Scott Parker (footballer) Julius Caesar Roberto Carlos da Silva Li Ka Shing Psittaciformes Manchester United 1986-1999 Athletic Bilbao PFC Levski Sofia Neopets Andrew Carnegie Ra__l L__pez RCD Espanyol Leeds United F.C. John D. Rockefeller First Indochina War Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution Nottingham Forest F.C. Alfredo Di Stefano Kobe Bryant Ocean's Twelve Advance fee fraud Graeme Souness Overpopulation RuneScape quests Claudio Ranieri Bayer Leverkusen Jos__ Ra__l Capablanca Jon Secada Temasek Holdings Internazionale Ronaldo Poker jargon Economy of Africa Ciudad de Murcia Rugby league Make money fast Sam Walton RuneScape slang and terminology Barry Bonds Married... with Children American Express World Economic Forum 