how much money did manchester pay cristiano ronaldo to play for them instead of portugal and i know i should know but what position does he play ok then i'll re phrase the question how much money did manchester pay cristiano ronaldo to play for them as well as portugal million about he plays right left winger and forward hope i helped Cristiano Ronaldo Alex Ferguson Winger (sport) 2004 European Football Championship Ronaldo Portugal national football team Winger (ice hockey) Manchester United F.C. Park Ji-Sung Manchester United 1999-present Football (soccer) positions F.C. United of Manchester Real Madrid Los Angeles Kings FA Premier League 1992-93 Portugal Luis Figo Leeds United F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 Denis Law Rugby union positions Ronaldinho Blackburn Rovers F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Steve McManaman Peter Shilton 2003-04 in English football Ricardo Quaresma Centre (ice hockey) Football World Cup 2002 Paul Ince David Beckham Eric Cantona Aston Villa F.C. Rugby league positions Bobby Charlton FA Premier League 1995-96 Hitomi Gordon Banks Trevor Steven The Football League Manchester United 1945-1969 National Football League Poker jargon Steve Coppell Kevin Keegan Culture of Portugal Manchester United pre-1945 Alan Shearer 2004 San Marino Grand Prix Wayne Rooney Bryan Robson Arthur Numan Jesper Gr__nkj__r Geoff Hurst Lee Sharpe Philip Cocu Cristiano da Matta Mensal__o scandal Ocean's Twelve Emile Heskey European Footballer of the Year Weimar Republic Nottingham Forest F.C. Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Football culture Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington PSV Eindhoven 2004-05 in English football FIFA 100 Manchester Moros y Cristianos Rio de Janeiro The Manchester Regiment Portsmouth F.C. Luc Robitaille Las Vegas (TV series) Vicente Rodr__guez Water polo Striker Nike, Inc. Internazionale Manchester City F.C. Ra__l Gonz__lez Rugby union Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Ice hockey Jos__ Mourinho GlaxoSmithKline History of Test cricket (to 1883) British House of Commons Ferdinand Magellan Manchester International Airport Hartford Whalers Sports betting Teddy Sheringham Ruud van Nistelrooy Jack Charlton New Christian 