who is the best winger now robben ronaldo malouda or many more in terms of dribble crossing n teamwork please explain don't know if i would class many players as wingers in todays modern line ups but i would certainly place ronaldo the skinny one in the top three in the world robben when he feels like it is also excellent at stretching defences from the wing position and shaun wright philips could also be international class if he is given enough game time at stamford bridge still expecting bigger things from walcott at arsenal but not sure if wegner still has faith in him of course there are more than a few outstanding 'wingers' in other parts of the world that the general fan elsewhere sees rarely so it is hard to be too specific Football (soccer) positions Damien Duff Winger (sport) Rugby union positions Rugby league positions Cristiano Ronaldo Chelsea F.C. Alex Ferguson Aston Villa F.C. Ronaldo Leeds United F.C. Winger (ice hockey) Norway national football team Luis Figo Boston Bruins Steve McManaman Football World Cup 2002 Left-wing politics Football (soccer) Chinese martial arts History of Arsenal F.C. England national football team Centre (ice hockey) PSV Eindhoven West Ham United F.C. FA Premier League 1996-97 Rugby union Arsenal F.C. U.S. Highway 1 Newcastle United F.C. Claudio Ranieri Mario Los Angeles Kings Hern__n Crespo Shaun Wright-Phillips Computer and video game genres FA Premier League 1992-93 Bobby Charlton Philip Cocu Draw poker Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Basketball Lee Sharpe Ice hockey Gordie Howe Portugal national football team Lee Dixon FIFA World Player of the Year Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Right-wing politics Rugby league Hitomi Everton F.C. Volleyball Brazil national football team Manchester United 1986-1999 Poker jargon Gordon Banks Nottingham Forest F.C. Football World Cup Allen Iverson DaMarcus Beasley Montreal Canadiens Brian Clough Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Ipswich Town F.C. Arjen Robben Midfielder Grand Prix Legends Professional wrestling holds Tris Speaker Ian Wright Toronto Blue Jays Luton Town F.C. Steve Coppell Frank Lampard Real Madrid Stamford Bridge Chess opening Thierry Henry Alice Cooper Trevor Francis Stamford, Connecticut FA Cup Football culture Shaun Livingston Dennis Bergkamp A151 road Manchester United 1999-present Joe Cole (footballer) Ruy Lopez Steve Hodge GoldenEye 007 Final Fantasy Tactics Advance ELO rating system Crystal Palace F.C. The Emancipation of Mimi Transactional analysis Rangers F.C. Jesper Gr__nkj__r 