why is dalessandro not in a bigger club and in the national team he was supposed to be a big star and hes fallen of the radar since the olympics andr s nicol s d'alessandro born april in la paternal buenos aires argentina is a left footed argentine footballer who currently plays for real zaragoza having joined them in june from german club vfl wolfsburg d'alessandro started off his working career as a young pizza delivery boy in argentina before becoming a professional footballer known as el cabez n the big headed for how large his head looks on his small frame he is only ' rather than any ego connotations he emerged through the river plate youth system that has produced much of argentina's top talent over the years he followed the likes of santiago solari and pablo aimar through the ranks together with javier saviola with whom he shared the limelight in the youth world championship held in buenos aires d'alessandro started out that tournament as a substitute but injuries in the team allowed him a place in the team during the later games argentina won the title after beating ghana after his transfer to wolfsburg for a club record m d'alessandro played in the argentine team that won the gold medal at the summer olympics on september d'alessandro scored the bundesliga's th goal since its creation in for the fourth goal in a victory over hannover in january much to the surprise of most fans d'alessandro joined english premiership club portsmouth on loan for the remainder of the season his main objective with his new club was to blend in with new teammates and help his club survive relegation on easter monday april he scored his first goal in english football a contender for goal of the season in portsmouth's defeat away to charlton athletic portsmouth survived and manager harry redknapp was looking to sign d'alessandro on a permanent basis for portsmouth but d'alessandro was attracting the attention of many european clubs with strong interest from the likes of atl tico madrid and benfica on the th june he ended the speculation regarding his career by completing a season long loan switch to la liga outfit real zaragoza citing his desire to play in spain as a major factor in his decision andres has a wide spread group of friends and family some of d'alessandro's family lives in cleveland ohio on th june he signed a contract at zaragoza keeping him at the club until Argentina national football team Aston Villa F.C. Norway national football team Teddy Sheringham UEFA Champions League Newcastle United F.C. Everton F.C. Michael Owen Leeds United F.C. FC Barcelona Manchester United F.C. Cincinnati Bengals England national football team Chelsea F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht West Ham United F.C. Diego Maradona FA Cup August 2005 in sports Gabriel Batistuta The Football League Playoff Rugby union Bobby Charlton Bryan Robson Hern__n Crespo November 2004 in sports Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Paul Ince Harry Redknapp Frank Lampard Blackburn Rovers F.C. Steve McManaman Nottingham Forest F.C. Football (soccer) Brazil national football team Jack Charlton Andre Agassi Frank Rijkaard Peter Shilton Atl__tico de Madrid Tottenham Hotspur F.C. National Football League Futebol Clube do Porto December 2004 in sports Troms__ I.L. IFK G__teborg Southampton F.C. Alan Shearer Football World Cup 1982 Peter Reid Football World Cup Italy national football team David Cooper (footballer) New York Giants FA Premier League Pittsburgh Steelers FA Premier League 2004-05 Sport in the United Kingdom Manchester City F.C. Pete Sampras 2005 English cricket season 2005-06 in English football World Chess Championship La Liga Sports timeline Graeme Souness February 2005 in sports Rangers F.C. Club Atl__tico San Lorenzo de Almagro American football Estudiantes de La Plata Steffi Graf Australian rules football Denis Law New York Knicks Cleveland Browns Wayne Gretzky Athletic Bilbao Ipswich Town F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Pete Rose New England Patriots History of Arsenal F.C. Notts County F.C. Essendon Football Club 