man utd official 's released united have announced their squad numbers for the forthcoming premier league campaign among the reds' summer signings owen hargreaves will wear the no shirt with gabriel heinze moving to anderson will wear no and nani has been given no it has also been confirmed that carlos tevez who was registered as a united player by the premier league on friday afternoon will wear the no united squad numbers van der sar gk neville evra hargreaves ferdinand brown ronaldo anderson saha rooney giggs foster gk j s park heinze vidic carrick nani scholes piqu solskjaer dong o shea j evans fletcher silvestre gibson kuszczak gk martin tevez eagles lee gray cathcart heaton gk campbell lucky nani got a good same with anderson hargreaves tevez's is like haha btw lol at heinze moving his looks like everyones switching up sorry i forgot to add my footie q fq do you see tevez staying at man utd or leaving after rafa you are a comedian nice numbers never thought hargreaves will get number i thought tevez will get because the picture of him in training can distinctly see the number oh yeah tevez may extend beyond his two year loan deal Manchester United F.C. Alex Ferguson David Beckham Everton F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Newcastle United F.C. Leeds United F.C. Arsenal F.C. Manchester United 1999-present 2004-05 in English football England national football team Frank Lampard Real Madrid New York Giants Sheffield United F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Gabriel Heinze Ryan Giggs Stockport County F.C. FC Barcelona Portsmouth F.C. Steve McManaman FA Premier League 2005-06 Blackburn Rovers F.C. Seventy-sixth United States Congress Nottingham Forest F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts Ronaldo Chelsea F.C. Ontario general election, 1995 Torquay United F.C. Lee Dixon San Diego Padres FIFA Series Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles The Cure Bayern Munich PSV Eindhoven 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand 2003-04 in English football Los Angeles Kings Kevin Keegan Aston Villa F.C. Cliff Richard 2005-06 in English football Ajax Amsterdam Chicago Cubs Leicester City F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Michael Owen Eisner Award Satchel Paige Manitoba general election, 1953 Sixty-fourth United States Congress U.S. Navy SEALs Cristiano Ronaldo Paul Ince New Jersey Nets Academy Award for Best Art Direction F.C. United of Manchester Terrell Owens Wayne Rooney Rugby union positions Monday Night Football Cronulla Sharks Sport Club Corinthians Paulista The Football League Sixty-sixth United States Congress New England Patriots Good Times Troms__ I.L. Teddy Sheringham Friday Night with Jonathan Ross Fifty-fifth United States Congress Luton Town F.C. Seventy-fifth United States Congress Argentina national football team Suede (band) Hastings United FC New South Wales Police Little Britain Chicago Bulls Paul Scholes FA Premier League 1992-93 Basketball Oakland Athletics MLB on NBC Liberal Party of Canada Desperate Housewives American Football League Graeme Souness Stage name FC K__benhavn Crystal Palace F.C. Harry Redknapp 