can you help out an ignorant american as an american who grew up playing football soccer here i still love the sport unfortunately it's difficult to follow the goings on of the epl or any other international play for that matter i think if i had one team that i decided to root for then i would be able to follow what was going on more closely but i don't know which squad to root for i sometimes find myself rooting for chelsea mostly because joe cole has brilliant ball skills but i think that might be like rooting for one of the clear favorites jumping on the bandwagon in america i also appreciate excellent defense particularly from central defenders as that's my background in the sport if there are good dutch players on a squad that helps too i like newcastle but mostly because i like the ale i've also thought about tottenham because i like the jersey i'm lost who should be my squad sasan i agree but i'm unable to watch the season because it isn't televised in the u s lucky to get one game a week and that at in the morning not trying to root for the best jersey rather looking for inside info on the teams that might be of interest how do you pick a club to support if you have friends who like soccer ask them what club they support if you have a favorite player support his club you can follow dutch players like van persie with arsenal kuyt with liverpool van der sar with manchester united robben with chelsea but might move to real madrid my favorite is ruud van nistelrooy who already moved to real madrid you might also want to watch the epl games on fox soccer channel or setanta sports channel or setanta broadband then choose a club in the middle of the season here's the list of matches showing this weekend starting from am pacific sat aug am pacific sunderland vs tottenham hotspur setanta broadband sat aug am pacific fox soccer channel fsc us west ham united vs manchester city sat aug am pacific bolton wanderers vs newcastle united setanta broadband sat aug am pacific everton vs wigan athletic setanta broadband sat aug am pacific fox soccer channel fsc us aston villa vs liverpool sat aug am pacific fox soccer channel fsc us derby county vs portsmouth sat aug am pacific setanta sports usa everton vs wigan athletic sat aug pm pacific setanta sports usa sunderland vs tottenham hotspur sat aug pm pacific setanta sports usa bolton wanderers vs newcastle united sun aug am pacific fox soccer channel fsc us english premier league arsenal vs fulham sun aug am pacific fox soccer channel fsc us manchester united vs reading sun aug am pacific setanta sports usa english premier league chelsea vs birmingham city setanta broadband Leeds United F.C. West Ham United F.C. Portsmouth F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. Local derby FA Premier League 2005-06 Crystal Palace F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. FA Premier League 1995-96 Football firm Nottingham Forest F.C. February 2005 in sports David Beckham Arsenal F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 April 2005 in sports Graeme Souness Leicester City F.C. Ruud van Nistelrooy FA Premier League 1993-94 R.S.C. Anderlecht Sheffield United F.C. Norwich City F.C. Alan Hansen Teddy Sheringham Torquay United F.C. Bryan Robson Coventry City F.C. Tranmere Rovers F.C. Football (soccer) FA Premier League 1997-98 F.C. United of Manchester Notts County F.C. Cork City F.C. Claudio Ranieri FA Premier League 2003-04 Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year Ipswich Town F.C. George Graham (footballer) Manchester United 1999-present Manchester City F.C. Liverpool F.C. Arsenal F.C. statistics May 2005 in sports Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Football culture Gary Stevens Fox Soccer Channel Southampton F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Bobby Charlton FIFA Series November 2004 in sports National Football League Real Madrid James Milner (footballer) Sport in Ireland Manchester United 1945-1969 Dennis Bergkamp Major League Soccer Jack Charlton Peter Reid PSV Eindhoven Alan Ball (footballer) Derby County F.C. Billy Bremner Peter Shilton 