how do i watch epl games in us big man u fan i am a big man u fan and an all around epl fan i would love to watch premiership games but i am in north carolina and can't get sky sports anyone have any ideas you can get fox soccer channel plus setanta sports through directv fsc shows about four to five live and tape delayed matches each week from the english premier league fox sports international has sublicensed epl matches each week to setanta sports north america during the season for exclusive presentation on that network both networks air matches in consistent timeslots http en wikipedia org wiki fox soccer channel here's the list of matches showing on fsc this weekend it includes the match between united and reading http www soccertv com foxsoc cfm here's the list of matches showing on setanta this weekend it includes the match between united and reading on mutv http www soccertv com set cfm Fox Soccer Channel FA Premier League Sky Sports Television in the United States Football (soccer) News Corporation National Football League Fox Broadcasting Company Sky Digital Cartoon Network Uniform Resource Locator National Rugby League Home Box Office Total Nonstop Action Wrestling TV3 Ireland Australian rules football Major League Soccer WWE Friday Night SmackDown! Manchester United F.C. Major League Baseball television contracts Sport in Ireland Monday Night Football Playoff Sport in the United Kingdom April 2005 in sports David Beckham Setanta Cup ITV Television syndication MLB on FOX 24 (television) Star Trek: Enterprise Channel 4 Frank Lampard NFL on television NFL Network Bundesliga (football) Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles North American Soccer League The Football League Cork City F.C. Perth Glory FA Cup WNYW-TV NASCAR WWE RAW Super Bowl FSN (Fox Sports Net) The Price Is Right MTV2 FA Premier League 2004-05 Family Guy CNN Saturday Night Live TNA iMPACT! House, M.D. KTTV Lists of television channels C7 Sport Atlantic Coast Conference May 2005 in sports Wonderfalls Domain Name System Super League (Australia) Hollywood Squares British Sky Broadcasting Top Up TV Sky Sports News FIFA Series MLB on NBC Austar ABS-CBN Rugby union Brisbane November 2004 in sports Blackburn Rovers F.C. WWOR-TV WNEP-TV Sports Illustrated The Daily Show EA Sports Sydney Swans Kevin Keegan Newcastle United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Roy Keane Arsenal F.C. Cable television Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Major professional sports league Vince McMahon TBS (TV network) UPN College soccer Nickelodeon (TV channel) Special Broadcasting Service Football in the United Kingdom Teddy Sheringham 