washington state citizens only please wasl what is your take on the wasl and the fact that it is a graduation requirement i personally don't think that it's fair for it to be required to graduate what's your opinion my take on the wasl is that i heard also that there are alot of kinks in it too but i also heard that if you don't pass it in the th grade you will not graduate at all if there is an alternate route other than homeschooling please let me know i don't think the test is fair because kids are all different and they expect all kids to pass it the same and they arent Homeschooling Education in the United States Supreme Court of the United States Graduate school GED Due process Ruth Bader Ginsburg National Geographic Bee Juris Doctor Driver's license Lawyer Israeli West Bank barrier U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Rush Limbaugh Unlawful combatant Equal Protection Clause Appeal Grade (education) College admissions Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Fair use U.S. Electoral College Administrative law of the United States Plame affair 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Education in the People's Republic of China First Amendment to the United States Constitution Doctor of Philosophy No Child Left Behind Act California State Route 85 John Roberts Law School Admissions Test Philosophical skepticism Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act A-level United States Army Bumiputra Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) United States Senate Civil rights Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc. Bipolar disorder Van Halen Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Chiropractic Law school Eugene, Oregon IRT Flushing Line The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Mediation FairTax Palestine Liberation Organization Same-sex marriage in Canada Barbara Boxer Teacher Marshall, Texas Education in Sweden Order of Canada Education in Germany Turing test Social justice SAT The Cat in the Hat Russ Feingold Poway, California Royal Assent Women's suffrage High school United States Naval Academy Washington University in St. Louis Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities New York State Department of Education 2001 anthrax attacks Ridge Route University of Bristol First Transcontinental Railroad Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution Amtrak Cascades Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District School bus Affirmative action Forum shopping Craps Conscription in the United States Ethical consumerism Rulemaking United States Constitution Canadian National Exhibition Tennessee State Constitution Architect Waldorf Education Pioneer Zephyr Theory of conduct Marbury v. Madison File sharing General relativity John Roberts Supreme Court nomination and hearings Medical school 