who would win in an extreme cagefight donkey kong or inspector gadget who would win in an extreme cagefight donkey kong or inspector gadget doo doo doo doo doo inspector gadget he'd bust out some crazy banana plane and screw donkey kong up then it's go go gadget sleeping gas and it's alllll over it is alll over inspector gadget has knocked out donkey kong woooowww unbelievable Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble! Donkey Kong Country Donkey Kong Donkey Kong (arcade game) Kremling Krew Donkey Kong's Animal Buddies Donkey Kong Junior Donkey Kong Country (TV series) Three Stooges Inspector Gadget spinoff incarnations Donkey Kong Land Donkey Kong Jungle Beat Donkey Kong Land 2 Donkey Kong Land III Children's television series Diddy Kong Animated television series King K. Rool Cranky Kong Inspector Gadget Donkey Konga 3 Doo-wop Diddy Kong Racing Dixie Kong Mario Kart 64 Super Smash Bros. Melee Super Mario Kart Gadget DiC Entertainment DK King of Swing Donkey Kong 3 Platform game Donkey Super Smash Bros. Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest Donkey Kong (Game Boy game) Boss (video games) Mario vs. Donkey Kong Game designer Donkey Konga Mario Party 3 Pink Panther Mario Timeline of trends in music (1950-1959) Banjo-Kazooie Mario Party Classic NES Series Thunderball Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Rare (video game company) Donkey Kong Island I Love the 80s Strikes Back Nintendo 64 Thief (computer game) Younger versions of cartoon characters What's New, Scooby-Doo? Mario Superstar Baseball Weebl and Bob Toilet humour Trilogy Moonraker Pauline Princess Peach Lupin III The Venture Bros. Yugo The Living Daylights Crazy Horse (band) World Championship Wrestling Shigeru Miyamoto Charmed Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal Spike (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Animal Crossing Inspector Morse Viz (comic) Super Mario Bros. television series Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band Game & Watch Gallery Private Eye Mario Bros. American popular music E-Reader Shawn Michaels David Wise Darkwing Duck Goldfinger Worms weapons and tools Punch-Out!! Hong Kong, China at the 2004 Summer Olympics Gump Roast Spring Heeled Jack Colecovision Timeline of fictional historical events Euphemism Network Ten Nintendo Clown 