In vitro infection with HIV enables human CD4+ T cell clones to induce noncognate contact-dependent polyclonal B cell activation.
 Eleven (nine CD4+ and two CD8+) protein purified derivative-specific and eight tetanus toxoid-specific T cell clones (TCC), established from the peripheral blood of healthy persons, were cocultured in vitro with irradiated mononuclear cells from patients infected by HIV in the presence of PHA and polybrene.
 Two weeks post-HIV exposure, all 17 CD4+, but neither of the two CD8+, TCC exhibited integration of HIV in their genoma, as detected by polymerase chain reaction analysis, and released HIV into their supernatants, as detected by measuring both reverse transcriptase activity and p24 Ag.
 When co-cultured with either autologous or allogeneic B cells, all CD4+ HIV-infected TCC induced the synthesis of extraordinarily high amounts of IgM, IgG, and IgA.
 In contrast, their noninfected counterparts could provide helper function for Ig synthesis by autologous B cells only in the presence of the specific Ag (or anti-CD3 antibody), and induced allogeneic B cells to synthesize Ig only upon stimulation with anti-CD3 antibody.
 The supernatants of HIV-infected TCC failed to stimulate Ig synthesis in B cells.
 More importantly, when HIV-infected clonal T blasts and B cells were cultured in different chambers separated by a millipore membrane, permeable to molecules but not to cells, Ig synthesis did not occur.
 The Ig synthesis induced by HIV-infected TCC was also markedly inhibited by the addition in culture of either anti-CD4 or anti-LFA-1 antibody.
 In contrast, HIV-infected TCC maintained their ability to provide helper function for Ig synthesis in the absence of any stimulus, even after fixation with p-formaldehyde.
 These data demonstrate that in vitro infection with HIV enables human T cells to stimulate Ig synthesis by B cells by an Ag-nonspecific, MHC-unrestricted, contact-dependent mechanism.
 This may explain, at least in part, the hypergammaglobulinemia and other phenomena related to polyclonal B cell activation frequently seen in HIV-infected persons.
