why are we asking these questions why do we ask questions it is like fishing you throw some bait out and see if anything or anyone nibbles it is a bouncing board for ideas and to see how other people feel about things most people have already decided what they are going to do but either want re enforcement or someone to agree with them which is not always the case so they disregard those statements thank you for asking my opinion Internet troll Falsifiability Plame affair First Amendment to the United States Constitution Theory of conduct Goodness and value theory International Court of Justice Epistemology Contract Cultural relativism Second Amendment to the United States Constitution U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Marbury v. Madison Rick Santorum Freedom of speech Abortion debate Ethics Slander and libel Supreme Court of the United States Biblical inerrancy Originalism Mapp v. Ohio Hustler Magazine v. Falwell Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Consensus decision-making Laws of cricket Yusuf al-Qaradawi John Wycliffe International law Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Edmund Burke Abington School District v. Schempp Near v. Minnesota Arbitration Cannabis rescheduling in the United States Miranda v. Arizona Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Equal Protection Clause Judicial functions of the House of Lords Holocaust denial Children of God Infantilism Project Blue Book Internet fraud Reality Practices of Jehovah's Witnesses Pledge of Allegiance New York Times Co. v. Sullivan Teach the Controversy Clarence Thomas German student movement Prior restraint Fishing rod Appeal Scientific method John Roberts Supreme Court nomination and hearings Metaphor Karl Rove United Kingdom referendum on the European Constitution Tlingit Recklessness Fox hunting Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Canon (fiction) Wolf v. Colorado Apostasy in Islam Miguel Alvarez Criticism of Mormonism 2005 United States Grand Prix Truth Sexual orientation Federal World Government The Apprentice 2 God Emperor of Dune Gottfried Leibniz Charles Darwin's views on religion Political correctness Lawrence v. Texas Gospel of Thomas Externality National Kidney Foundation Singapore Causality Simone Weil Consensus Vacuous truth 2001 Cincinnati Riots Turing test Coercion Henry Lee Lucas Erie doctrine Existence Opinion poll ROC presidential election, 2004 Criticism of libertarianism Legal aspects of transsexualism Baker v. Carr Governments' positions pre-2003 invasion of Iraq David Hume Objectivist philosophy Avenue Q 