she doesn't know who father is my brother's ex girlfriend got pregnant in the month of june during this month she was sleeping with both my brother and another guy because the timing is close my bro has demanded a dna test she swears that it is the other man's the baby was born in april and she still hasn't gotten a dna test she says she can't afford it and that she's sure its not his my bro loves this baby and her as well but he and my parents and i wont rest until we know for absolute sure that it's not his i've asked a question about what do and we will look into getting it court ordered my only question is why doesn't she want the test done if she's so sure its not his wouldnt she just do it and get it over with she is not getting child support from anyone and she is single not dating my bro is still in contact with her and they are good friends i love this girl and her baby but i cant help but be mad at her for not just confiriming what she believes yes everyone in this crazy love triangle has been tested and thankfully no one has diseases they should all get tested for std's i can't believe this many people are sleeping around edna Friends Knots Landing EastEnders Kodocha The Venture Bros. Baby Blues R.E.M. (band) Something Positive Everwood Charmed Bro'Town Phoebe Buffay's songs One Tree Hill (TV series) Full House Sharon Tate History of As the World Turns (2000-present) 2005 trial of Michael Jackson One Life to Live Babe Carey Jiddu Krishnamurti Sex and the City Prenatal diagnosis Cool (song) Days of our Lives W.I.T.C.H. Avenue Q Atomic Kitten Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Cliff Richard Futurama (TV series - season 5) Hollyoaks Pregnancy Jam (TV series) It's Walky! Super Smash Bros. Melee Miss Saigon Taken Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Abortion debate Fantastic Four The Catcher in the Rye Sami Brady Warner Bros. Urinary incontinence Alois Hitler Gwen Stefani Melanie Wilkes Sunset Beach (soap opera) The Chemical Brothers Great Teacher Onizuka Gonorrhoea Tupac Shakur Neighbours The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder Married... with Children Good Times T.A.T.u. My Family (television) The Supremes Series finale Mystique (comics) Kurt Cobain Animaniacs Maury Incarnations of Immortality Dawson's Creek Kyle Broflovski Prince (artist) U.S. presidential election, 2008 Girly Adoption My Parents are Aliens Garfield Human sexual behavior Paternity Lou Gehrig StarCraft Secret Missions Ross Geller Kimi Finster Katelyn Faber Queen of Wands Drawn Together The Critic Super Mario Bros. television series Pitaten Internet phenomenon KaBlam! The Rules of Attraction Cigarette Smoking Man Macbeth Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword Jean Grey Melbourne gangland killings John F. Kennedy Theodore Kaczynski Laci Peterson The Ashlee Simpson Show Human cloning 