what book should she read my sister is years old and i am looking for a book for her to read she would like to read about sea turtles but the book shouldn't be under aged she would also like to read about sea life why not books from the library like non fiction books that are about sea turtle and other oceanic animals does it have to be a novel or a story Sea turtle Leatherback Sea Turtle Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Robinson Crusoe Marine biology Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Dr. Seuss Finding Nemo Gal__pagos Islands Children's literature Turtle Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (comic book) Manga Reptile Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2003 TV series) Jack Kirby The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Love Hina main characters Donald Barthelme Terry Pratchett Atlantic Ocean Discworld Indian Ocean Paleocene Book Frank Herbert Jack Kerouac Green Sea Turtle Life of Pi Splinter (TMNT) D'ni wildlife Fictional character H. G. Wells Literature Necronomicon The Turtles Usagi Yojimbo Liaden universe Gulf of California Hawksbill turtle Ernest Thompson Seton J. R. R. Tolkien Earthsea Captain Pugwash Flash (comics) Virginia Beach, Virginia Arthur C. Clarke Mary Wollstonecraft Noah's Ark Celebes Sea Aquatic adaptation Animated television series Fictional book Country parks and conservation in Hong Kong A Series of Unfortunate Events The Foundation Series Berenstain Bears Sea serpent Love Hina minor characters Anne Rice Pogo A Beautiful Mind Gene Wolfe Life expectancy Orca Franklin (television series) Science fiction Hermione Granger Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1987 TV series) Sea level rise Alice Liddell Australasia ecozone Bible Expanded Universe (Star Wars) C. S. Lewis Clark Ashton Smith Mario Bros. Cthulhu mythos arcane literature Logo programming language Animal Book of Esther Ages of Uru Fauna of Australia Library of Congress Reading Rainbow Rudyard Kipling Scattered Islands in the Indian Ocean Michikinikwa Irish mythology On Fairy-Stories Gormenghast Fight Club Stranger Than Fiction: True Stories Ray Bradbury Mark Twain Atlantis Ichthyosaur 