it is years ago elvis died where were you when it happened i remember i was watching the mike douglas show my grandmother was in the kitchen i remember a special report came on and the news anchor said elvis presely had died from an apparent heart attack and i yelled to my grandmother grama elvis died then later i sat in the bathroom crying i felt and still feel so bad that he suffered like that i was working as a bartender and heard it on the tv at the bar and i remember i dropped the martini i had just made i was totally in shock and just could not believe that i heard it right my customers in the bar were also in shock many were visibly shaken it was an awful day by all accounts so so sad and such a waste The Shining (film) Shaggy dog story Elvis Presley The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary to Quintessential Phases The Star Wars Holiday Special Opie and Anthony Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Whose Line Is It Anyway? Time Out of Mind WFAN (AM) Something Awful Ron and Fez Martini cocktail Billboard Hot 100 Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Pitaten Columbine High School massacre StarCraft: Uprising Toilet-related injury 2004 Republican National Convention Fancy Crane Mudvayne Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Highway 61 Revisited Viva La Bam Sin City Beavis and Butt-head Emperor Yuan of Han Cliff Richard Knots Landing Shake It Off Andy Kaufman The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Teen Girl Squad The Unquiet Dead The Brady Bunch About Schmidt Father's Day (Doctor Who) Bing Crosby Natalie Wood Hun-Apu The Inside Days of our Lives Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist Pok__mon Live! 50 First Dates Gia Carangi Parsifal Year of the Spider Melanie Wilkes Vlad III Dracula Milton H. Erickson Shock jock Futurama (TV series - season 5) Homer Simpson I Want to Hold Your Hand Battle of the Nile 60 Minutes Chicago Cubs WNEP-TV Paul Is Dead John F. Kennedy assassination Who Shot Mr. Burns? Avenue Q Bart chalkboard gags Toilet humour Saturday Night Live The Apprentice 2 Starbucks Ramones Scenes from a Memory Buddy Guy Invader Zim Married... with Children Theory of conduct Street-Legal Limp Bizkit 200 Cigarettes Weekly World News Emperor Xuan of Han Yoko Ono The Suffering (game) Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy Book of Isaiah Graham Kennedy Detailed timeline of the assassination of John F. Kennedy Jewish bereavement The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Edward R. Murrow Kimi Finster Piccolo Junior Saga Journey (band) Rosa Parks Trapped in the Closet Nico Robin Something Awful Forums We'll Always Have Paris (TNG episode) Blonde on Blonde USS Trout (SS-202) 