god bless tony wilson call him what you will he was more to manchester than many others were right he brought more acclaim than the manchester police force ever did tony wilson will be the legend of manchester if it wasnt for this great guy where bands likes of the new order happy mondays be without him if you never had the chance to visit the hacienda in manchester then it is something that you have seriously missed out on only such a great guy as tony wilson could bring together i would recommend to each everyone of you to watch hour party people starring steve coogan who played tony wilson it shows the story about the great man to what he bought to manchester may he rest in peace 24 Hour Party People Tony Wilson Steve Coogan Happy Mondays Manchester City F.C. Oasis (band) Manchester United F.C. Leeds United F.C. Sally Ann Howes Michael Winterbottom Martin Hannett Manchester Charles Peace Denis Law EastEnders House music Cliff Richard Northern Ireland peace process The Chemical Brothers Portsmouth F.C. Greater Manchester Tony Award Tony Iommi Alan Partridge F.C. United of Manchester 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Harold Wilson 2004 World Series Tony Levin Tony Bennett The Manchester Regiment Booker T. & the M.G.'s Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Blue Monday (New Order song) English cricket team Genesis (band) Steve McQueen Situationist Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical Miss Saigon Pet Sounds Radical War Humphrey Bogart Madchester Calling All Stations Midnight Run Noel Gallagher Mexican Revolution Alex Ferguson University of Manchester Factory Records Elvis Costello Los Angeles Kings WCW Monday Nitro Joy Division (band) John Wycliffe Manchester United 1986-1999 May 2005 in Britain and Ireland A Guy Called Gerald WNNX (FM) Viva La Bam Eric Bischoff L. S. Lowry Torquay United F.C. The Stone Roses Harold Shipman Chicago Blackhawks Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy Protests against the Iraq war Wishbone Ash August 2005 in Britain and Ireland 2004 Republican National Convention Free Trade Hall Mass (liturgy) History of SNL:1980-1985 Henry Fonda 21 July 2005 London bombings Ocean's Twelve Dial M for Murder Manchester International Airport The Pet Sounds Sessions Eisner Award I'm Alan Partridge Peter Sutcliffe Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords Snooker Muslim ibn Aqeel World War I Newcastle United F.C. Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Aston Villa F.C. New York Giants Monk (TV series) WWE RAW Opeth July 2005 in Britain and Ireland United Kingdom referendum, 1975 Bringing It All Back Home 