Role of listeriolysin-O (LLO) in the T lymphocyte response to infection with Listeria monocytogenes. Identification of T cell epitopes of LLO.
 Using a murine model, we investigated the role of the bacterial exotoxin listeriolysin O (LLO) in cellular immunity to Listeria monocytogenes.
 A correlation between LLO production by infecting bacteria and generation of protective immunity to virulent LLO-producing bacteria was noted.
 Using isogeneic hemolysin (Hly+ or Hly-) strains of L.
 monocytogenes, we demonstrated that LLO production by infecting bacteria is required to elicit T cells reactive both to bacteria-associated Ag and to the secreted LLO molecule as measured by IL-2 production in vitro.
 Distinct sets of T cells specific for largely nonoverlapping pools of antigenic determinants represented by LLO and cell-associated Ag (heat-killed L.
 monocytogenes) are generated after infection.
 We have used models for prediction of T cell epitopes based on primary structure of LLO, and synthetic amphipathic LLO peptides were evaluated as Ag in vitro or as immunogenes in vivo.
 Infection of several strains of mice (H-2k and H-2d) with LLO-producing L.
 monocytogenes resulted in the generation of T cells that could respond consistently to two peptides, LLO 215-234 and LLO 354-371.
 Mouse strains lacking expression of I-E molecules (e.g., B10.A(4R) and C57BL/6) responded to LLO but not to the peptides tested.
 With C3HeB/FeJ mice, antibodies to I-Ek blocked the presentation of LLO 215-234.
 The importance of the N-terminal portion of LLO 215-234 was evidenced by the drastic reduction in antigenic activity of truncated peptides (e.g., LLO 221-234 and LLO 224-234).
 LLO 215-234, the strongest and most consistent activator of T cells from L.
 monocytogenes-immune mice, fit well some models for antigenic peptides in several ways.
 It could be predicted to form an amphipathic alpha-helix, it contained multiple "Rothbard motifs" (charged residue or glycine, two or three hydrophobic amino acids and then a glycine or polar residue), it had a net charge of +2, and it contained the correct spacing of amino acids (five to six residues between a hydrophobic and basic amino acid) that is characteristic of I-Ek-binding peptides.
 Immunization with 8 of 10 synthetic LLO peptides generated T cells that recognized the immunizing peptide in vitro, but such T cells were only poorly reactive with LLO.
 Our results indicate that LLO is an important target Ag for stimulation of CD4+ L.
 monocytogenes-specific T cells, and that LLO 215-234 is antigenically dominant in C3HeB/FeJ mice.
