are there any twin soccer players or where there ever that both play soccer if so tell me who they are manchester united have signed two wing backs from fluminense fc in brazil the two are twins fabio and rafael i think they well be transfered when they turn which is in a few years if they both are able to play on the left and right at the same time they well be a nightmare for man marking systems Football (soccer) Fluminense Football Club Campeonato Carioca Manchester United F.C. Bobby Charlton Pel__ Denis Law Norway national football team Real Madrid Sport Club Internacional Major League Soccer Football (soccer) positions David Beckham Ronaldo Alex Ferguson Rom__rio United States men's national soccer team Rugby union positions Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas Roger Federer Campeonato Brasileiro Defender (football) Water polo Michael Ballack Freddy Adu North American Soccer League F.C. United of Manchester The Football League Penalty shootout (football) Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics Teddy Sheringham Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Stuart Pearce Leeds United F.C. Dwight Yorke C.S. Cartagin__s Wayne Rooney Manchester United 1945-1969 Football Aston Villa F.C. Steve Coppell Paul Ince West Bromwich Albion F.C. FA Cup Women's United Soccer Association Crystal Palace F.C. College soccer Gustavo Kuerten Canadian Soccer Association Newcastle United F.C. Gabriel Heinze Zin__dine Zidane American football Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics Sport in Ireland Football in the United Kingdom Blackburn Rovers F.C. Everton F.C. Los Angeles Kings Local derby Winger (sport) Claudio Reyna West Indian cricket team Dundee United F.C. Tim Howard Eric Cantona Football World Cup 2002 Indoor soccer Brazil national football team 2004-05 in English football Women's football (soccer) Formation (football) Twin cities Clube de Regatas do Flamengo Gianluca Vialli Adelaide United FC Major Indoor Soccer League Jos__ Kleberson Frankie Hejduk World Chess Championship October 2004 in sports Rio de Janeiro Sammy Sosa Italy at the 2004 Summer Olympics Primera Divisi__n Argentina Age fabrication Wheel of Fortune Dassault Mirage III England national football team Roy Keane Ryan Nelsen Manchester City F.C. Football World Cup Hugo S__nchez Waking the Dragons Hurling Sports in Puerto Rico Bryan Robson Dream Team Portsmouth F.C. 