if you were given a house a yacht n cars by a famous footballer or a chairman of a cmpany what would u do best imagination wins fast too edit st lucky ppl now that u r rich why r u so stingy with words tough to select one line for ba u know well that famous footballer better be hot lol then i would move in with him sell of the cars and the yacht get myself some jetskies and an apartment in a nice city maybe madrid near atleti's home stadium or in ibiza anyways then i would ask him to let me meet all of my favorite football players then i would travel the world party in the best places get vip tickets to armin van buuren or erick morillo or ultra music festival or something important and then i could die happy if i ended up finding the person i love yay if only life was that easy Armin van Buuren R.S.C. Anderlecht Norway national football team Football (soccer) St. Louis Rams Ultras FC Barcelona National Football League Real Madrid England national football team New York Giants New England Patriots London West Bromwich Albion F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Newcastle United F.C. Germany national football team Cliff Richard Sport Club Corinthians Paulista American football Buffalo Bills Torquay United F.C. IFK G__teborg Coventry City F.C. Hobart London 2012 Olympic bid Rio de Janeiro Rotterdam Enrique Iglesias Futebol Clube do Porto Minnesota Vikings Wrexham A.F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Norwich City F.C. Internazionale St. Louis Cardinals Music of the Netherlands The Football League UEFA Champions League London Gatwick Airport Isle of Wight Mickey Mantle Ajax Amsterdam Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Glasgow Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival Hell__ Nice Usher (entertainer) Wimbledon F.C. Jacksonville Jaguars Super Bowl Alex Ferguson Blackburn Rovers F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Valencia CF The Cure Crystal Palace F.C. Liverpool F.C. Tijs Verwest FC Rostov Jim Thorpe Sydney Football culture Eagles 2004-05 in English football Leslie Cheung Kelly Clarkson Boca Juniors Montreal St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Manchester United F.C. The Emancipation of Mimi Philadelphia Eagles Long Beach, California All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Wonderful Town U2 (band) Madrid American Football League SEAT Ibiza Theory of conduct Cole Porter Kansas City Chiefs Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim British Columbia Lions Leicester City F.C. Olympic Stadium, Berlin FA Cup Restaurant Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Rave music Canadian football Avenue Q Animal Crossing Super Bowl XXI Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind House music Chelsea F.C. Manchester City F.C. 