atletico madrid or manchester united now i know they are from different leagues and have different styles but which one do you prefer i'm not asking to compare their style of play i'm asking if you had to choose between one which one would it be well since my account got suspended i'll be using the fallowing account http answers yahoo com my profile ylt agd rikuqheyjflh zuwllxqt show cfb qh qaa hahaha i'm using this one because i reached my limit on that one well yes i do like atleti andrea it's ok i don't mind people not choosing atleti babyboy sorry nop they are coming in first or second uhmmm both Atl__tico de Madrid HTTP cookie R.S.C. Anderlecht Bangor City F.C. FA Cup David Beckham 2002-03 in English football Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Manchester United F.C. The Football League Bobby Charlton The nature of God in Western theology UEFA Champions League 2004-05 in English football Paul Ince 2003-04 in English football Hugo S__nchez La Liga F.C. United of Manchester Occam's Razor April 2005 in sports Munich air disaster West Bromwich Albion F.C. Newcastle United F.C. September 2004 in sports Real Madrid Jesper Gr__nkj__r Gmail FA Premier League 2000-01 Manchester United 1945-1969 Clube Atl__tico Mineiro Ruud van Nistelrooy Manchester City F.C. Steve McManaman XRI Alex Ferguson Primera Divisi__n de M__xico October 2004 in sports AGD Interactive Newell's Old Boys Al Qa'qaa high explosives controversy Psychology of religion Swinging Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Football records in England San Germ__n Athletics Football in the United Kingdom Belief Wheel of Fortune Single Transferable Vote Merthyr Tydfil F.C. Fallow Deer Peter Shilton $ale of the Century Manchester United pre-1945 December 2004 in sports Alexander Technique Tina Turner Hyde United F.C. Eric Cantona Apache HTTP Server Ole Gunnar Solskj__r Notts County F.C. Denis Law Kingdom of Navarre Getafe CF Cap d'Agde July 2005 in sports Ron Atkinson Wayne Rooney Nicolas Anelka Andrea del Sarto November 2004 in sports Representational State Transfer MSN Messenger 2005-06 in English football England national football team Reggie Jackson August 2005 in sports West Ham United F.C. Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Internet Information Services Michael Owen Opinion poll Kevin Keegan Head of state Commonwealth of Nations Steve Coppell Real Zaragoza February 2005 in sports CFB Greenwood Ravi Shastri CA Osasuna Don Revie Ronaldo Ciudad de Murcia Aberdeen F.C. Web server National Hockey League All-Star Game Cruzeiro Esporte Clube 