what official products memorabilia do you have of your favourite club nt and where do you get them please don't tell me ebay since i just found out that i got ripped off there anyone ever ordered from your club's official site and tell me about the postage rates please e c yeah the official site does rip you off the postage is even more expensive than the total cost of the items babyboy what do you mean nobody buys official stuff don't tell me that you a real football fan have fake stuff picasso cool but please don't tell me that everything has been licked hehe i've got arsenal posters thats it and u can get then frm any poster shop my bro has a manchester untied t shirt but he didn't order u can get them frm a nike or adidas shop thats where he got his's peace Adidas David Beckham Adidas-Salomon Emirates Stadium Neopets Mortgage FC Barcelona Manchester United F.C. Arsenal F.C. The Fairly OddParents Postage stamp Leeds United F.C. Bulk vending West Bromwich Albion F.C. Alex Ferguson Amazon.com Chelsea F.C. Opie and Anthony Ramones Football (soccer) Aston Villa F.C. 2004-05 in English football The Young Ones (TV series) Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Real Madrid West Ham United F.C. Wayne Rooney A-ha EastEnders FoxTrot Philatelic investment Alan Smith Eric Cantona Everton F.C. Advance fee fraud Paul W. S. Anderson Plastic London Buddy Guy Steve Coppell AFC Wimbledon Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Daria UEFA Champions League Manchester City F.C. The Football League The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Reebok Noel Gallagher Live 8 Jennifer Lopez Newcastle United F.C. Neighbours Manchester Cristiano Ronaldo G.I. Joe Captain Beefheart Online shop Viv Anderson Paul Is Dead Stamp collecting Hibernian F.C. Homer Simpson Dennis Bergkamp England national football team Warner Bros. R.S.C. Anderlecht Best Buy Pablo Picasso Ocean's Twelve Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) MAD Magazine Cruising (maritime) Trailer Park Boys Electronic commerce Surveillance Torquay United F.C. IFK G__teborg Lee Dixon Kyle Broflovski Norwich City F.C. Internet fraud Autograph Wal-Mart Gordon McQueen Sears Holdings Corporation FA Premier League FA Premier League 2004-05 Alan Ball (footballer) Green Day Sanford and Son Steve McManaman Goatse.cx Teddy Sheringham Sweatshop Sheffield United F.C. Arbitrage Queens Park Rangers F.C. 