the biggest party ever today is tony's co emperor b day i'm celebrating my victory in finals peace united already celebrate winning ha ha now the thing is not all of you are invited ha ha yes i'm mean so here people who gets invitations andygurl golden angel pinky touzours juventina doober gunner life frihah ana bela mimi nani f tasha football girl lavaman robinho rules miz b chelsea fan valencianista contact samuel fatto in napoli fresh prince rafael blue hm king edward tj m m rky d christian l'enfant terrible sasan zizo zidan naty tony father abel kasper soccermaster chelsea shrimper pepe raz sara dinho nicole marlene special vip invitations jls stefania babygirl nancy rossonera biljana emma kutless deamon chick mrs materazzi diana lovely chatelaine andre xd mj and ashkon i think that's it i hope i did not forget any q for king edward so now that i won what am i i would be happy to be prince or something lol damn no anniversay of dtkcold sorry man but u are invited and not just u all cold aliance is invited what a party oh happy b day to tony stefy lol i just woke up i had a long sleep and really sweet dreams contact guys are already more than enough he he peoples i'm not spending much time here i'm here just when i wake up and when i came back from city sheesh you did forget someone i didn't even get invited on this day last year i joined y a i have premiership epl predictions coming back on friday i understand i'm not a fifa world cup section regular but i would've thought you would invite me to this party congrats hope you have a good party The Emancipation of Mimi Days of our Lives Alex Ferguson Crystal Palace F.C. Chelsea F.C. Avenue Q Zin__dine Zidane Aston Villa F.C. Internazionale FA Premier League The Amber Spyglass Frank Lampard Rent (musical) England national football team Roger Federer Blackburn Rovers F.C. Girls Aloud Santos Futebol Clube Edward VIII of the United Kingdom Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics World Fantasy Award for Best Novel Ipswich Town F.C. Newcastle United F.C. West Ham United F.C. Norway national football team Hip hop collaborations Blood on the Tracks Everton F.C. FA Cup Humphrey Bogart Rangers F.C. Ars__ne Wenger Nicole Kidman Diego Maradona Line of succession to the British Throne Arsenal F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Troms__ I.L. Sheffield United F.C. The Beatles discography Birthday Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical The Shining (film) FA Premier League 2004-05 Garfield AFI 100 Years series History of Arsenal F.C. Swindon Town F.C. Torquay United F.C. Chuck Cunningham syndrome Manchester United 1986-1999 Marilyn Monroe Kodocha Knots Landing Jon Secada 2004-05 in English football The Star Wars Holiday Special Paul Ince Manchester City F.C. The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie April 2005 in sports UEFA Champions League Spice Girls Waking the Dragons Diana Ross Pure Pwnage Football World Cup 2002 St. Louis Rams Nottingham Forest F.C. Gordon Strachan Scenes from a Memory October 2004 in sports Frankie Vaughan Leicester City F.C. Bryan Robson Gianfranco Zola 2005-06 in English football Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress 1990s August 2005 in sports Green Day Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In Denis Law Los Angeles Kings The Cure New York Giants Notts County F.C. Phoebe Buffay's songs Kenny Dalglish Tranmere Rovers F.C. Football (soccer) Blackadder Shaggy dog story Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an 