ronaldinho is the world's most inconsistent player and he is over rated too he never shines in big occassions remember the champions league final against arsenal was he even playing and the world cup he was so bad it wasn't even funny and the world club championships final when barca played internacional and above all that he pulled out of the copa america what a player lol its hilarious when people compare him to zidane and maradona and say that he is the world's best player no this is not a question lol in the history of football huh touzours ur funny oh dont fret ok we all know you like him im sure when he's done playing for impt clubs he just might join chelsea you know sort of like a retirement thingie UEFA Champions League Diego Maradona Zin__dine Zidane Real Madrid Chelsea F.C. The Football League Brazil national football team FA Premier League Sport Club Internacional European/South American Cup England national football team Football (soccer) Peter Shilton West Ham United F.C. Troms__ I.L. Alex Ferguson Campeonato Brasileiro All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Norway national football team FC Barcelona Ronaldinho Claudio Ranieri Gabriel Batistuta Bryan Robson Clube Atl__tico Mineiro Celtic F.C. Frank Lampard Newcastle United F.C. FA Premier League 2004-05 Notts County F.C. Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Ronaldo Rangers F.C. Arsenal F.C. League Cup Primera Divisi__n Argentina Jack Charlton Millwall F.C. David Rocastle Deco Preston North End F.C. Billy Bremner Steve McManaman Boca Juniors UEFA Cup February 2005 in sports Hern__n Crespo Football records in England Nottingham Forest F.C. FIFA Series 2004-05 in English football Football in the United Kingdom Gordon Banks Leeds United F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. Marcel Desailly Crystal Palace F.C. Newell's Old Boys Hugo S__nchez George Graham (footballer) Rom__rio Campeonato Paulista Aston Villa F.C. Gr__mio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense Bundesliga (football) Football culture Kenny Sansom Campeonato Ga__cho David Seaman Portsmouth F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Cork City F.C. Sunderland A.F.C. Michael Owen Rugby union Juventus F.C. Ian Wright Manchester United F.C. Football World Cup Paul Ince Ali Daei Ars__ne Wenger FA Premier League 2003-04 Football in Sweden Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Wigan Athletic F.C. FC Rostov Cruzeiro Esporte Clube Lee Dixon Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas Frank Rijkaard Manchester United 1986-1999 