The protective role of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] in the pathogenesis of nephrolithiasis.
 The low incidence of atherosclerosis and other degenerative diseases including stone disease in the Greenland Eskimo has been attributed to their high consumption of oily fish with its high concentration of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA).
 Man cannot synthesis EPA from the precursor essential fatty acid, linolenic acid, and can only assimilate preformed EPA present in fish and fish oil, to bring about a change in the pathway of eicosanoid metabolism from the n-6 to the n-3 series.
 With a westernised diet the oxygenated products of renal prostaglandin synthesis are metabolites of the n-6 series and these are known to play an important role in several pathophysiological states including stone disease.
 Our previous studies have shown a relationship between prostaglandin activity and urinary calcium excretion and it would seem that the initiating factor/s for stone formation trigger the mechanisms for prostaglandin synthesis resulting in the biochemical abnormalities associated with stone disease.
 The Eskimo may be protected from these events by possession of an eicosanoid metabolism that follows an n-3 pathway.
 To test this hypothesis experiments were performed using an animal model of nephrocalcinosis.
 The animals were divided into three groups; one group was given an intra-peritoneal injection of 10% calcium gluconate daily for 10 days to induce nephrocalcinosis; a second group was fed MaxEPA fish oil before and during the calcium gluconate injections and a third group only received an intra-peritoneal injection of N saline.
 A group of 12 recurrent, hypercalciuric/hyperoxaluric stone-formers were treated with fish oil for eight weeks to study the effects on solute excretion.
 Nephrocalcinosis, which was readily produced in the control animals, was prevented in the experimental animals by pre-treatment with fish oil and urine calcium excretion was significantly reduced.
 The urinary calcium and oxalate excretion in the recurrent, hypercalciuric stone-formers was significantly reduced with fish oil treatment over an eight week period.
 There were no untoward side-effects.
 These studies indicate that the incorporation of EPA in the diet as a substitute metabolic pathway could be a unique way of correcting the biochemical abnormalities of idiopathic urolithiasis.
