when was the first war of independence faught by gandhi the indians struggle for independence actually started in and lasted until when india became a unified nation state gandhi emerged on the scene in the 's Indian National Congress Indian Independence Movement Indira Gandhi India Partition of India Salt Satyagraha Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 Gandhi (film) State of emergency History of India Mahatma Gandhi President of India Sonia Gandhi Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Quit India Movement Motilal Nehru Khalistan Indian Emergency Rajiv Gandhi Jawaharlal Nehru British Raj P. V. Narasimha Rao Gujarat Nationalism Muslim League Vinayak Damodar Savarkar India during World War II Constitution of India Bharatiya Janata Party Axis Powers Bangladesh Liberation War Khilafat Movement Jayaprakash Narayan Indian nationalism Barrackpore Nehru-Gandhi family Bal Gangadhar Tilak Uttar Pradesh Rajmohan Gandhi State of Emergency in India Mahadev Desai Manmohan Singh Communist Party of India Indian National Army Flag of India Narhari Parikh Indian general elections, 2004 Mohammad Ali Jinnah Economy of India Government of India Sarojini Naidu Subhash Chandra Bose Ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka Naseeruddin Shah E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax C. Rajagopalachari Indian rebellion of 1857 Pondicherry Indian Round Table Conferences 1931-1933 Sanjay Gandhi Chakravarti Rajgopalachari Rahul Gandhi Caste K. Natwar Singh Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh Atal Bihari Vajpayee Gandhism Fundamental Rights, Directive Principles and Fundamental Duties of India Ahmedabad Motihari Junagadh Arun Gandhi Allahabad Sanjay Gandhi National Park Indian cricket team K. R. Narayanan Banking in India Feroze Gandhi History of Bhutan Operation Blue Star Indian Union Muslim League West Pakistan Nonviolent resistance Delhi Ravi Shastri Maharashtra Hindutva Hyderabad, India Terrorism in India Andhra Pradesh Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) Janashakti Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam Nathuram Godse History of South Africa St. Stephen's College, Delhi, India Rajpramukh Prime Minister of India Pacifism 