do you think franklin d roosevelt's new deal was a success or a failure i'm at a toss up i can't really lean toward any one side fdr created some really good programs under the new deal that helped millions of people but ultimately they didnt accomplish what they wanted to do with the new deal what are your thoughts success New Deal Eleanor Roosevelt Franklin D. Roosevelt US health reform under Truman History of the United States (1918-1945) Harry Hopkins Fireside chats American liberalism Great Depression Alf Landon Wendell Willkie Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial Supply and demand Software engineering James Farley President of the United States Democratic Party (United States) Brit Hume Henry A. Wallace Insomnia Commerce Clause Lauchlin Currie TLC Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. Neo-Fascism New York Giants USS Augusta (CA-31) Alice Roosevelt Longworth Fala Sidney Hillman Court-packing Bill Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Economy of the United States U.S. presidential election, 1936 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Public Works Administration Gore Vidal Civilian Conservation Corps Giuseppe Zangara Elliott Roosevelt John Nance Garner Conservative Democrat Fischer Random Chess Toss juggling Seventeen-article constitution Administrative Procedure Act US health reform under FDR International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union Alex Ferguson Presidential Succession Act Betsey Cushing Roosevelt Whitney Herbert Hoover Frances Perkins Escape from New York Major League Baseball television contracts United Nations Yalta Conference Liang Qichao Emotions (album) Attack on Pearl Harbor James Clark McReynolds Lend-Lease John Charles Daly Timeline of United States diplomatic history Lyndon B. Johnson John L. Lewis American Broadcasting Company Al Smith Tammany Hall Robert H. Jackson New York Jets Harry Bridges We Belong Together Charles Coughlin White House Franklin Pierce Scientology beliefs and practices Enron Corporation Rexford Tugwell Architect (The Matrix) Extreme Programming Nintendo Appeasement David Dubinsky Harold L. Ickes Big tent US health reform under Clinton Roxette US health reform under Carter German student movement U.S. Congressional Delegations from Delaware Seton Hall University Sherman Minton Acting President of the United States History of the Panama Canal Mojave people Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. Lawrence Halprin Vice President of the United States Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site 