was president lincoln gettysburgs address reported errouneous by the newspaper us history civil war yes the copies of the gettysburgh address that are still available are all different in some details and the newspaper accounts differ as well the official gettysburgh address used is the history books are historians best guess as to the actual speech given Gettysburg Address Abraham Lincoln Bruce Catton Lincoln Memorial Battle of Gettysburg James M. McPherson Jubal Anderson Early Congress of the United States Gettysburg Campaign Gettysburg College Manifest Destiny Robert E. Lee George Meade Gettysburg National Cemetery CPU cache Edward Everett Password Eusebius of Caesarea Gettysburg, Pennsylvania American Civil War Acts of the Apostles Historical rankings of U.S. Presidents Turning point of the American Civil War Alternative history (fiction) Gettysburg Battlefield Confederate States of America Zimmermann Telegram Grover Cleveland George W. Bush George Seldes Yasser Arafat Declaration of Independence (United States) Media bias E-mail spam The Civil War (documentary) Alfred Pleasonton Dwight D. Eisenhower Woodrow Wilson Frederick Douglass William Tecumseh Sherman Carl Schurz Joseph C. Wilson Union (American Civil War) Plagiarism XI Corps (ACW) Union Army Lincoln Highway Guns, Germs, and Steel John F. Kennedy Manetho Identity theft David Irving Sun Yat-sen Rafik Hariri Salmon P. Chase Theory of conduct Irish language John Wilkes Booth Plame affair Jefferson Davis Garry Wills Ulysses S. Grant State of the Union Address Morrill tariff Howard Zinn University of Tennessee Virtual memory 2004 Democratic National Convention Senate Report of Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq John F. Reynolds American University George Armstrong Custer Joseph Smith, Jr. Military history Eric Foner Neo-confederate The Killer Angels Speech synthesis Holocaust denial I Have a Dream Qur'an 2005 Philippine electoral crisis Oliver O. Howard II Corps (ACW) U.S. presidential election, 2000 Hugh Trevor-Roper, Baron Dacre of Glanton Comics American exceptionalism Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. Joshua Chamberlain The New York Times James Longstreet The writing of Principia Mathematica XII Corps (ACW) United States House of Representatives Miniature wargaming Deep Throat (Watergate) Walt Whitman Criticisms of the War on Terrorism 