how long does a person have to be dead before it's no longer correct to refer to him as the late so and so i recently read a newspaper story that referred to the late robert f kennedy he's been dead for almost forty years could i say the late leonardo da vinci or the late genghis khan i don't think that it ever becomes inapropriate to call someone the late but usually it is only used as a title to avoid confusing the living with the dead it's like saying the former president bush but not the former president roosevelt or the former president adams when more than one person might be referred to by the same name a suffix or prefix is often added to distinguish them or one is known by his middle name as well hans holbein the younger john quincy adams especially if they were not father son to be distinguished by sr jr or i ii iii the word late is also used to let people know that someone has died so the reporter might think that someone hasn't picked up a newspaper in yrs and might need to be imformed that jfk is dead maybe they were in a coma i don't know if it is in this use it is usually just a polite way to correct someone who has misassumed that someone is still alive oh is that a photo of your wife my late wife yes President of the United States Family name Japanese name Suffix (name) John Quincy Adams Famous last words Vice President of the United States Genghis Khan Gender-neutral language Spanish verbs Plame affair Family John F. Kennedy Japanese honorifics Democratic Party (United States) Khan Adam-God theory Oyirad Paul Is Dead National Gallery, London The Da Vinci Code Robert F. Kennedy Abigail Adams John F. Kennedy, Jr. Hans Holbein the Younger Zhao Yun The Honourable U.S. presidential election, 2008 Ojibwe language Bulgarian language Yasser Arafat Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. Chinese character Mongols Alberto Gonzales RAS syndrome English verbs Filioque clause Style (manner of address) Hangul Courtesy title Bush family Subjunctive mood Grammatical number William S. Burroughs Massachusetts Justification (theology) The Legend of the Condor Heroes Karl Rove Teresa Heinz Kerry Prester John John Adams Sinn F__in Monroe Doctrine Alois Hitler Yarkand Supreme Court of the United States Call sign Dan Rather Quincy, Massachusetts Order of succession 2nd millennium American and British English differences Houston Chronicle New England Donald Rumsfeld Guiding Light James K. Polk Clone High Uday Hussein Political decoy Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography Grammatical aspect Afghanistan The Patriots Novel Ancient Greek Political correctness El (god) Bill Clinton John Glenn British Royal Family Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles The Edge of Night Emperor Xuan of Han Valerie Plame Non-native pronunciations of English Hatshepsut Esperanto grammar John McCain Sabbath Slovak language Lilith Leonardo DiCaprio Annuity Sesotho language Gospel of John Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. 