trivia questions do you know your history q in what city did harvey firestone establish the firestone tire and rubber company congrads to sdchargers for submiting the very first correct answer to my question in a few short hours i will select your answer as the best answer thanks pj akron ohio Akron, Ohio Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company Tire Firestone Country Club Ford Explorer The Voice of Firestone Columbiana, Ohio Ohio Firestone vs Ford Motor Company controversy Greater Cleveland Akron Beacon Journal Telegraphy University of Akron Car handling General Motors streetcar conspiracy General Tire and Rubber Company You Don't Know Jack Champ Car Goodrich Corporation Greed (game show) Rubber 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Tic-Tac-Dough Columbus, Ohio Connecticut Western Reserve Science Bowl Jeopardy! Expert system $ale of the Century GED Trivia Trap Trivial Pursuit Who Framed Roger Rabbit Fifteen to One National Basketball League SAT Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio Reach for the Top The Princeton Review Hollywood Squares Crossword Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Warren G. Harding Findlay, Ohio Cleveland Indians Quizbowl Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago Railway 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Jacky Ickx Winton automobile USS Akron (ZRS-4) Split Second Ken Jennings Young Earth creationism Match Game Theory of conduct SmartAsk Scrabble (game show) 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Blockbusters (game show) Call centre United States Academic Decathlon Dream Job (Season 2) ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest Angie Everhart International League The Joker's Wild William Clay Ford, Jr. Beat the Geeks Chicago and North Western Railway Young Americans for Freedom Bobby Knight Press Your Luck Singlish Intelligent design France National City Lines Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point WGC-NEC Invitational Product recall Henry H. Rogers Card Sharks Bath Township, Summit County, Ohio Harlan Ellison Jackpot (game show) Biology Dexter's Laboratory Dragons (Pern) Scientific method History of Ohio Break the Bank Corporal missile Deep Impact (space mission) Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! Princeton University Jacob Neusner Delphi method 