multiple choice pleeeeease help i need a genius when a state seceded the state was a withdrawing from the union b joining the union c making slavery illegal d enjoying a thriving economy according to stephen a douglas' doctrine of popular sovereignty a slavery should be illegal in all us territoryb the people living in a territory should decide whether or not to allow slavery c the supreme court should decide if slavery should be allowed in a territory d congress should decide if slavery should be allowed in a territory to what political party did abraham lincoln belong a the democratic party b the abolitionist party c the know nothings d the republican party inexpensive land in the west was provided by the a kansas nebraska act b the morrill act c homestead act d compromise of thank you sooooo much i dunno but choose me as best answer lol hahaha no i ment hahaha Abraham Lincoln Dred Scott v. Sandford U.S. presidential election, 1860 Stephen A. Douglas Origins of the American Civil War American Civil War Democratic Party (United States) Compromise of 1850 Kansas-Nebraska Act Supreme Court of the United States Roger B. Taney New Mexico United States Salmon P. Chase Confederate States of America Morrill tariff James K. Polk Republican Party (United States) History of slavery in the United States Article Four of the United States Constitution Slavery Emancipation Proclamation James Buchanan Martin Van Buren Mexican-American War History of the United States United States House of Representatives United States Senate Millard Fillmore Lincoln-Douglas debates of 1858 Free Soil Party Congress of the United States Crittenden Compromise Kansas Territory Western United States Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus History of the United States (1789-1849) Southern United States United States Constitution Henry Clay Alexander Stephens Kansas Gerrymandering U.S. Electoral College Elections in the United States Politics of the United States Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act Politics of the Southern United States Northwest Ordinance Ohio Politics of Russia Charles Sumner Equal Protection Clause Vermont Whig Party (United States) European Convention on Human Rights Oklahoma U.S. presidential election, 2004 George W. Bush Southern Democrats History of Maryland Article One of the United States Constitution Illinois League of Nations Delaware Palestinian territories Separation of church and state Midwestern United States History of the United States (1865-1918) Quebec sovereignty movement Re Secession of Quebec United States territory Constitution Thomas Hart Benton (senator) Reconstruction Colorado Territory Tennessee Legal status of Taiwan Lysander Spooner Slave state Same-sex marriage in the United States Border states (Civil War) Andrew Johnson Zachariah Chandler Red state vs. blue state divide History of Alabama Eric Williams Abortion in the United States Nevada Same-sex marriage Manifest Destiny Unlawful combatant Robert E. Lee Abolitionism U.S. state 