president richard nixon i know this is an issue filled with a great deal of anger but did nixon get a raw deal i know that he screwed up but he also was perhaps the greatest foreign policy president we've ever had plus he was the one who got us out of vietnam no one seems to remember that kennedy and johnson got us in did he get a raw deal hmmmm every nation 'needs' its villains and nixon fit the bill actually if one truly studies the calibre of men who have inhabited the white house one walks away with a cold chill although many of his observations irk me gee i like harry s truman the views of gore vidal on the subject of presidents ought to be studied how different would the world be if incumbent president nixon duked it out with that upstart kennedy in with the resources of the white house behind him nixon may have won and maybe just maybe the paranoia and arrogance that festered for a decade might not have made him resort to such clumsy tactics as those that ensured his downfall actually as vice president nixon was a star he took the office far from its status as a backwater and modern vps such as mondale and gore owe nixon a great deal of grattitude we won't talk about chaney that would be rude though nixon did 'get america' out of vietnam a lot of that is due to kissinger actually nixon wasn't a good team player and that too did him in oddly enough what did nixon in what the most honorable thing he did he resigned he stepped down instead of submitting ameria to a nasty bloodbath under the capitol dome a process that could have consumed a year maybe two and left the republican party in ruins nixon left the room got in the presidential helicopter and flew away but doing the right thing is what gave everyone the 'right' to say see he had to have done it he quit his actions were accepted as proof of evil venality a raw deal perhaps but then as was said america needs its villains where would historians be if they couldn't kick harding and nixon around especially when one considers that james buchanan was the worst president america has had to endure http www huffingtonpost com gore vidal president jonah b html peace ps fdr was the greatest foreign policy president and a lot can be argued for reagan and eisenhower and clinton all of whom utilized brilliant secretary of states pss nixon was trhe most fascinating person of the s a failure in and a victor in and an appearence on laugh in Richard Nixon Republican Party (United States) American liberalism Lyndon B. Johnson Ronald Reagan New Hampshire primary John F. Kennedy Vietnam War Acting President of the United States Barry Goldwater Gerald Ford Karl Rove Pat Buchanan Gore Vidal Zbigniew Brzezinski Bill Clinton Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Dwight D. Eisenhower Jimmy Carter U.S. presidential election, 2000 George W. Bush Al Gore Read my lips: no new taxes Hillary Rodham Clinton United States presidential line of succession Franklin D. Roosevelt Donald Rumsfeld Neoconservatism in the United States U.S. presidential election, 2008 U.S. presidential election, 1972 U.S. presidential election, 1968 George H. W. Bush History of the United States (1964-1980) Supreme Court of the United States Henry Kissinger Conservative Democrat U.S. presidential election, 1960 James R. Schlesinger U.S. presidential election, 1976 White House W. Mark Felt Ralph Nader Hubert H. Humphrey Harry S. Truman U.S. presidential election debates Economic history of the United States History of the United States U.S. presidential election, 2004 Realigning election Daniel Patrick Moynihan Air Force One 2004 Republican National Convention Joseph McCarthy U.S. presidential election, 1984 Ticket balance John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 Theodore Roosevelt U.S. presidential election, 1964 Anti-communism Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Clark M. Clifford Richard Nixon Library & Birthplace Presidential library Sino-American relations Southern Democrats Cold War Third party (United States) Walter Mondale Dean Acheson Melvin R. Laird Watergate scandal Congress of the United States United States House of Representatives Solid South George McGovern Warren G. Harding Condoleezza Rice Bretton Woods system Paul Wolfowitz History of the United States National Security Council 1953-1961 Ann Coulter Presidential system Douglas MacArthur New Deal U.S. Democratic Party presidential nomination, 2004 