Magnetic resonance imaging contrast agents: theory and application to the central nervous system.
 The theoretical aspects of magnetic resonance (MR) imaging contrast agents are reviewed, and their current applications to the central nervous system (CNS) and their future applications are discussed.
 Profound differences exist between contrast agents used for MR imaging and computerized tomography (CT).
 In MR imaging, the contrast agents are not imaged directly but rather act on adjacent protons to shorten T1 and T2 relaxation times.
 This in turn results in signal intensity changes.
 The lanthanide metal, gadolinium, in the form of gadopentetate dimeglumine, has been found to be both safe and efficacious as the only currently approved contrast agent for MR imaging.
 Magnetic resonance imaging revolutionized the detection and treatment of disease affecting the brain and spine.
 Initially, it was thought that signal characteristics on MR imaging would allow differentiation of specific pathology.
 It was soon found that MR studies were able to detect more abnormalities but were less able to characterize them.
 The recent development of contrast agents for MR imaging has allowed this modality to surpass CT for the evaluation of most CNS lesions.
 At present, contrast-enhanced MR imaging is generally accepted as the study of choice for evaluating acoustic neurinomas, pituitary lesions, meningeal disease, primary and secondary brain tumors, active multiple sclerosis, intradural spinal neoplasms, intramedullary spinal disease, and postoperative states in both the spine and brain.
 Even when contrast-enhanced CT can detect the same abnormalities, evaluation of the lesions in multiple planes on MR imaging can sometimes yield invaluable information, especially prior to surgery.
 Future developments of contrast material for MR imaging include non-gadolinium compounds, intrathecal contrast media, cerebral blood flow and volume evaluation, and, possibly, antibody-labeled contrast agents.
