The effects of activin on follicle-stimulating hormone secretion and biosynthesis in human glycoprotein hormone-producing pituitary adenomas.
 The effects of activin on pituitary FSH biosynthesis have been previously characterized using primary rat pituitary cultures; however, little is known of the effects of activin on FSH biosynthesis and secretion in human pituitary tissue.
 Production of intact glycoprotein hormones and free subunits is increasingly recognized in pituitary tumors; however, the regulation of gonadotropins in such tumors has not been addressed.
 We have investigated the effects of human recombinant activin on glycoprotein hormone biosynthesis and secretion in primary cultures of 12 human glycoprotein hormone-producing pituitary adenomas and compared this with the effects of activin in normal rat anterior pituitary cells.
 In 33% of the human pituitary tumors studied, significant (P less than 0.05) increases in FSH beta secretion occurred in response to incubation with 20 ng/mL activin for 24 h (19-287% stimulation), without changes in the production of intact FSH.
 A Northern analysis performed on cells derived from one tumor indicated that FSH beta mRNA levels increased 350% after activin treatments; however, FSH secretion did not parallel the mRNA changes.
 None of the human glycoprotein hormone-producing tumors significantly increased FSH secretion in response to activin.
 To validate the biological activity of recombinant human activin-A and to confirm time and dose conditions for the human tumor cultures, we also examined its ability to stimulate FSH production in rat pituitary cultures.
 Activin (20 ng/mL) added to the culture medium significantly increased FSH secretion and steady state levels of FSH beta mRNA after 24 h.
 These data indicate that some glycoprotein hormone-producing pituitary tumors treated with purified activin have discordant responses of intact gonadotropins and free subunit responses.
 In contrast to responses in normal rat gonadotrophs, FSH beta biosynthetic pathways may be uncoupled from intact FSH secretion in a subset of glycoprotein hormone-producing pituitary adenomas.
