basketball offseason help im a goin to be a sophmore in highschool and im trying to beat out the starting senior point guard for my own spot on the lineup does anyone have any advice on good efficient ways to get a lot better in the offseason i practice days a week at my own hoop basically just shooting and dribbling any tips find a pickup game playing by yourself only works on shooting if you have defneders you can practice your dribble passing and shot blocking you can really get good playing others NBA Finals San Antonio Spurs Houston Rockets Orlando Magic New York Knicks Indiana Pacers Steve Nash Boston Celtics New Jersey Nets New York Giants Larry Bird Phoenix Suns 2004 NBA Finals Chicago Bulls Leeds United F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Philadelphia 76ers Cleveland Browns National Basketball Association Buffalo Bills Boston Bruins West Bromwich Albion F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. 2005 NBA Finals Celtic F.C. Miami Dolphins St. Louis Cardinals New York Jets Toronto Raptors 2005 NBA Playoffs Minnesota Timberwolves Nottingham Forest F.C. Houston Astros St. Louis Rams Dream Team December 2004 in sports Michael Jordan January 2005 in sports 1986 NBA Draft Rasheed Wallace Ipswich Town F.C. Toronto Blue Jays Texas Rangers (baseball) Playoff format Rangers F.C. West Ham United F.C. Atlanta Hawks Los Angeles Kings Yao Ming International League National Football League Los Angeles Dodgers Seattle Mariners New York Yankees Kobe Bryant Chicago White Sox Los Angeles Lakers November 2004 in sports New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets 2002-03 NHL season San Francisco 49ers Edmonton Oilers Tranmere Rovers F.C. Aston Villa F.C. San Diego Padres Chicago Blackhawks New York Mets Salary cap June 2005 in sports San Francisco Giants Toronto Argonauts Boston Red Sox Oakland Athletics February 2005 in sports Continental Basketball Association 2004-05 in English football A.J. Styles Blackburn Rovers F.C. UEFA Champions League National Football League Lore 2005 World Series National Hockey League Newcastle United F.C. Julius Erving Super Bowl XXVII Queens Park Rangers F.C. NBA Draft Alex Ferguson Moses Malone Major League Baseball Kurt Angle Carolina Panthers Emanuel Gin__bili 