who is better tracy mcgrady or allen iverson tracy mgrady time all star time all nba selection time nba scoring champion nba most improved player allen iverson big east rookie of the year ncaa big east defensive player of the year ncaa nba rookie of the year all star rookie game most valuable player all rookie first team nba most valuable player nba all star game most valuable player nba all star game most valuable player time nba scoring champion time all nba first team selection time all nba second team selection time nba steals champion time nba all star missed due to injury team usa basketball captain in my opinion id say allen iverson since he took his team to the finals and was mvp for who do u think is better please explain you answers this is a great tough question to answer i love t mac and ai both can score with amazing skill and talent tracy is a slightly better perimeter shooter where ai is so fast and quick allen will play with more intensity on def so i will take iverson because he went to the finals basically willing that team to wins by himself the fact they won a game against the mighty lakers showed his heart and determination hopefully he and melo can do something in denver Kobe Bryant Kobe Jimmy Kimmel Live Jimmy Kimmel Liverpool F.C. Karl Malone Arizona State University Los Angeles Lakers The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius Lou Gehrig West Ham United F.C. Marc Almond Mamba Top League Pocky Home run Nickname Miami Dolphins J. League Great Hanshin earthquake Double Dragon The Wizard (film) Japan national rugby union team Jimmy Greaves Atlanta Braves Pianist Shaquille O'Neal Leeds United F.C. Reggie Jackson 1919 World Series Michael Laudrup Hey Arnold! Newcastle United F.C. Wayne Gretzky Rugby union Crank Yankers Hank Aaron West Bromwich Albion F.C. Houston Astros Dundee United F.C. Orix Blue Wave Major League Baseball All-Star Game National Football League National Association of Professional Baseball Players Jacksonville Jaguars June 2004 in sports LeBron James Talk show Frank Thomas (AL baseball player) The Man Show Adam Carolla Babe Ruth Pro Football Hall of Fame Arsenal F.C. New York Yankees Black Books January 2005 in sports Win Ben Stein's Money Snooker Satchel Paige Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Kansas City Chiefs Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis NASCAR Rookie of the Year New York Mets Serpent Society Jimmie Foxx The Cure Major League Baseball Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Chicago White Sox Celtic F.C. Nickelodeon (TV channel) November 2004 in sports Montreal Canadiens FA Cup Northern League (baseball) Pennsylvania PGA Tour Football culture Jimmy Durante Seattle Mariners Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 1937 Jimmy Piersall Frankie Frisch Minor league baseball Jimmy White Reading F.C. Gary Payton (basketball) Brentford F.C. Chelsea F.C. Super Bowl VII Japan Rugby Football Union May 2005 in sports Jimmy Doolittle Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 1939 College basketball Jimmy Connors Sarah Silverman 