Value and limitations of proximal jet dimensions for the quantitation of valvular regurgitation: an in vitro study using Doppler flow imaging.
 To evaluate usefulness and limitations of proximal jet dimensions for the quantitation of valvular regurgitation, fluid jets were created in a pulsatile flow model, and proximal jet width and cross-sectional area were measured by means of color Doppler flow imaging.
 When circular orifices with diameters from 1 to 6 mm were studied, jet width and cross-sectional jet area measured as close as possible to the orifice were directly related to the orifice diameter (r = 0.97; standard error of the estimate, 0.4 mm; y = 0.5 + 0.97x) and the orifice area (r = 0.97; standard error of the estimate, 5.7 mm2; y = 0.22 + 2.47x), respectively.
 No significant dependence on flow rate or pressure gradient was found for these measurements.
 Jet width was measured with color M-mode Doppler by use of the smallest sample volume size (1 mm) and was slightly greater than the orifice diameter (4.2 +/- 1.7 mm versus 3.8 +/- 1.7 mm).
 However, cross-sectional areas were approximately fourfold the orifice areas, on average (52.5 +/- 24.6 mm2 versus 12.3 +/- 9.7 mm2), with a range of twelvefold (smallest orifice) to threefold (largest orifice).
 When the sample volume size was reduced from 2.4 to 1.0 mm, color areas decreased by 25.6 +/- 6.0%.
 Slit-shaped orifices were studied with two different orientations of the slit-parallel and perpendicular to the ultrasound beam: Color M-mode measurements were again slightly greater than length and width of the slit, but cross-sectional areas were substantially larger than the orifice areas and increased between 44% and 115% when changing the orientation of the slit from perpendicular to parallel.
 This, again, reflected problems with lateral resolution.
 When cross-sectional areas were measured at increasing distances from the orifice, the cross-sectional jet area increased significantly within a few millimeters.
 This increase was greater with higher gradients and smaller orifice sizes.
 In case of a small orifice (2 mm) and a high gradient (130 to 160 mm Hg), increase in area was as great as 122% within a distance of only 5 mm.
 Thus, proximal jet width and cross-sectional area were directly related to the orifice size, which could be a valuable parameter for the evaluation of valvular regurgitation.
 Measurements of jet width by color M-mode seemed to be most accurate but are limited by the fact that in vivo valvular defects may be irregular rather than of circular shape.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
