Local hormonal factors (intracrine, autocrine, and paracrine) in hypertension.
 Vasoactive hormones acting as endocrine, neuroendocrine, or local hormonal systems (intracrine, autocrine, and paracrine) are an important component of the many factors that regulate blood pressure.
 Hypertension may be the result of an alteration in the balance between vasodepressor and vasopressor hormonal systems.
 Changes in this balance could be due to genetic factors such as mutations in one of the genes of the vasoactive system or environmental factors that alter the synthesis and release of one or more vasoactive hormones.
 Endocrine and neuroendocrine vasopressor hormonal systems, such as the renin-angiotensin system and catecholamines, play a well-established and important role in the regulation of blood pressure and the pathogenesis of some secondary forms of hypertension.
 The blockade of such systems has already resulted in effective antihypertensive treatment.
 The role of local hormonal systems is less well established; however, recent evidence suggests they also play an important role in the regulation of blood pressure and the pathogenesis of hypertension.
 Some vasopressor hormonal systems, such as the renin-angiotensin system, can act as both endocrine or local hormonal systems.
 Work using transgenic rats harboring the mouse Ren-2 gene has conclusively demonstrated that the renin-angiotensin system, acting as a local hormonal system, has the capability to cause severe hypertension.
 Whether this model of experimental hypertension mimics any type of human hypertension is not known.
 Vasodepressor hormones such as kinins, prostaglandins, and endothelium-derived relaxing factor (EDRF) act mainly as local hormonal systems, with the notable exception of atrial natriuretic factor, which may act as both an endocrine and a local hormone.
 The tissue kallikrein-kinin system, acting either directly or via paracrine eicosanoids or EDRF, participates in local regulation of the circulation, renal function, and the acute antihypertensive effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors.
 A restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) that distinguishes the kallikrein gene family of a strain of spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) from normotensive Brown Norway rats has been identified.
 In a set of 32 recombinant inbred strains derived from these SHR and Brown Norway strains, the RFLP marking the kallikrein gene family of SHR cosegregated with an increase in blood pressure.
 Also, in a study of Utah families it was found that a dominant-allele kallikrein gene expressed as high urinary kallikrein excretion was associated with a decreased risk of essential hypertension.
 In conclusion, vasopressor and vasodepressor hormones, acting not only as endocrine but also as local hormones, play an important role in the regulation of blood pressure and the pathogenesis of hypertension.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
