The "natural history" of segmental wall motion abnormalities in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery. S.P.I. Research Group.
 Intraoperative segmental wall motion abnormalities (SWMA) detected by transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) are sensitive, but not always specific, markers of myocardial ischemia.
 To determine their incidence, characteristics, and relation to postoperative cardiac morbidity, we continuously recorded the left ventricular short-axis view and 12-lead ECG in 156 high-risk patients undergoing non-cardiac surgery.
 Monitoring was clinically blinded.
 Wall motion was scored at predefined clinical, hemodynamic, and ECG events and at periodic intervals (26 +/- 11 samples per patient).
 We detected 44 episodes of new or worsened SWMA in 32 patients (20%).
 The severity of most episodes was limited to severe hypokinesis (24/44, 55%) followed by akinesis (16/44, 36%) and dyskinesis (4/44, 9%).
 The remaining 124 patients had normal wall motion or only mild hypokinesis (56/156, 36%) or chronic SWMA (68/156, 44%).
 The incidence of new SWMA did not differ for patients with known coronary artery disease (CAD) and those with cardiac risk factors only (22% vs.
 19%, P = not significant), although CAD patients had a significantly greater incidence of chronic SWMA (62% vs.
 41%, P = 0.02).
 The incidence of new or worsened SWMA was significantly greater during aortic vascular surgery (38% vs.
 17%, P = 0.05).
 Approximately 40% of all new TEE changes occurred in the absence of either an apparent clinical event or a significant change in systolic blood pressure or heart rate.
 Ten patients had new or worsened SWMA persisting until the end of surgery, 8 with new akinesis, only 1 developing myocardial infarction.
 The distribution of new or worsened SWMA and significant intraoperative ST-T changes (n = 19) in this cohort was discordant: temporal overlap between modalities was present in only 5 patients.
 Major cardiac complications occurred in 5 patients (3.2%), all of whom underwent peripheral vascularization.
 All patients with cardiac complications and new or worsened SWMA also had intraoperative or early postoperative ST-T changes.
 We conclude that: 1) continuous TEE recording with offline analysis in this high-risk group of patients revealed a relatively low incidence of new or worsened SWMA (20%), most episodes of which were characterized by severe hypokinesis (55%); 2) episodes were more common in patients undergoing aortic vascular surgery; 3) approximately 40% of episodes were unaccompanied by clinical events or significant hemodynamic changes; 4) episodes were poorly correlated with postoperative cardiac complications; and 5) the discordant relation between TEE and ECG changes observed here necessitates careful monitoring of the ECG when TEE is used clinically.
