Renal hemodynamics and the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system in normotensive subjects with hypertensive and normotensive parents.
 BACKGROUND AND METHODS.
 The kidney is important in blood-pressure regulation, but its role in the development of essential hypertension is still subject to debate.
 We compared renal hemodynamics, measured in terms of the clearance of para-aminohippuric acid and inulin, and the characteristics of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system in three groups of normotensive subjects at different degrees of risk for hypertension: 41 subjects with two normotensive parents, 52 with one normotensive and one hypertensive parent, and 61 with two hypertensive parents.
 The subjects ranged in age from 7 to 32 years.
 RESULTS.
 The mean renal blood flow was lower in the subjects with two hypertensive parents than in those with two normotensive parents (mean difference [+/- SE], 198 +/- 61 ml per minute per 1.73 m2 of body-surface area; P = 0.002).
 Moreover, both the filtration fraction and renal vascular resistance were higher in the subjects with two hypertensive parents (filtration fraction: mean difference, 3.0 +/- 1.1 percentage points; P = 0.006; renal vascular resistance: mean difference, 2.7 +/- 0.8 mm Hg per deciliter per minute per 1.73 m2; P = 0.006).
 The subjects with two hypertensive parents had lower plasma concentrations of renin (mean difference, 3.3 +/- 1.6 mU per liter; P = 0.03) and aldosterone (mean difference, 111 +/- 36 pmol per liter; P = 0.003) than those with two normotensive parents.
 The differences could not be explained by the small differences in blood pressure between the groups.
 The values in the subjects with one hypertensive and one normotensive parent fell between those for the other two groups.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 Renal vasoconstriction is increased and renin and aldosterone secretion is decreased in young persons at risk for hypertension.
 These findings support the hypothesis that alterations in renal hemodynamics occur at an early stage in the development of familial hypertension.
