Spinal cord protection during aortic occlusion: efficacy of intrathecal tetracaine.
 Spinal cord ischemia and resultant paraplegia are devastating sequelae in up to 40% of patients undergoing repair of thoracoabdominal aneurysms.
 We investigated the effect of intrathecal tetracaine on the neurological sequelae of spinal cord ischemia and reperfusion with aortic occlusion.
 Cocaine-derived anesthetics (lidocaine and its analogues) have been shown to decrease neuronal cell metabolism and also have specific neuronal membrane stabilizing effects.
 New Zealand white rabbits were anesthetized and spinal cord ischemia was then induced by infrarenal aortic occlusion.
 Animals were divided into six treatment groups.
 Tetracaine (groups 2 and 4) or normal saline solution (group 5) was administered intrathecally before aortic cross-clamping.
 Groups 1 and 3 functioned as controls.
 Group 6 animals received intravenous thiopental.
 Rabbits were classified as either neurologically normal or injured (paralyzed or paretic).
 Among controls, 25 minutes of aortic occlusion produced varied neurological sequelae (group 1, 3/6 injured, 50%) whereas 30 minutes resulted in more consistent injury (group 3, 5/6 injured, 83%).
 All rabbits that received intrathecal saline solution were paralyzed (group 5, 4/4 injured, 100%).
 Animals treated with intrathecal tetracaine and aortic occlusion of 30 minutes (group 4) showed significantly better preservation of neurological function (6/7 normal, 86%) than controls and saline-treated animals (groups 3 and 5).
 All animals treated with intrathecal tetracaine and aortic occlusion for 25 minutes (group 2) showed no signs of injury (5/5 normal, 100%), but this was not significant versus controls (group 1).
 Intravenous thiopental (group 6, 5/5 injured, 100%) had no beneficial effect.
 Intrathecal tetracaine significantly and dramatically abrogated the neurological injury secondary to spinal cord ischemia and reperfusion after aortic occlusion at 30 minutes in the rabbit model.
