Chagas' heart disease in the United States.
 BACKGROUND AND METHODS.
 Chagas' heart disease is believed to be rare in the United States, although many persons from countries where the disease is endemic reside here.
 We performed a retrospective case review and prospective follow-up of 25 patients with Chagas' heart disease and no obstructive coronary artery disease on angiography.
 RESULTS.
 The patients mainly presented with symptomatic atrioventricular block, congestive heart failure, anginal chest pain, sudden death averted by resuscitation, or sustained ventricular tachycardia.
 Of the 25 patients, 18 had been treated for coronary artery disease or idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy for up to 108 months before the diagnosis of Chagas' disease was considered.
 The electrocardiograms frequently suggested coronary artery disease.
 Six of the seven patients who had exercise thallium-perfusion scans had abnormalities suggesting ischemia or infarction.
 A left ventricular aneurysm was found in 14 of the 25 patients, segmental akinesia or hypokinesia in 5, and diffuse hypokinesia in 3.
 Programmed ventricular stimulation performed in 13 patients induced sustained ventricular tachycardia in 9 and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia in 2.
 Actuarial survival (mean +/- SE) after four years for the entire group was 56 +/- 12 percent; it was 32 +/- 16 percent among those with global left ventricular dysfunction, and 78 +/- 14 percent among those without such dysfunction (P = 0.03).
 Only patients with left ventricular dysfunction or an aneurysm died (four-year survival, 45 +/- 14 percent, as compared with 100 percent for the remaining patients; P = 0.0002).
 Heart failure and left ventricular aneurysm or dysfunction were the only independent predictors of death.
 Nine patients required permanent pacemakers.
 CONCLUSIONS.
 In the United States, Chagas' heart disease commonly mimics coronary artery disease or idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
 The prognosis is poor for patients with heart failure or left ventricular aneurysm or dysfunction.
 The disease may be underdiagnosed in the United States.
