Distribution of carbon flux within fatty acid utilization during myocardial ischemia and reperfusion.
 Twenty-nine intact, working pig hearts were extracorporeally perfused and divided into two study groups (16 Aerobic and 13 Ischemic/Reflow hearts).
 Step function, equilibrium labeling with [14C]palmitate was used to develop uptake and washout curves of radioactive fatty acid products contained in coronary effluent during either aerobic perfusion or reperfusion after ischemia (60% reduction in left anterior descending coronary flow for 30 minutes).
 Left anterior descending control flows were slightly overperfused in Aerobic hearts (18% higher than in Ischemic/Reflow hearts); otherwise, circumflex and right coronary flows, left ventricular pressure, and serum fatty acids and blood sugar levels were comparable between groups.
 As expected in Ischemic/Reflow hearts, recovery of regional systolic shortening and myocardial oxygen consumption in reperfusion was only modestly impaired (-20% and -19%, respectively, not significant and p less than 0.011 compared with preischemic values, not significant from Aerobic hearts).
 The only significant metabolized product to be released from labeled fatty acid utilization in either group was 14CO2.
 A smaller fatty acid pool also was measured and accounted for by that contained in the coronary intravascular volume.
 We could determine no significant back diffusion of fatty acids from myocardium in either perfusion condition.
 Uptake time constants of the early phase of 14CO2 production also were virtually identical in both groups (19.9 +/- 3.2 versus 16.7 +/- 3.2 minutes in Aerobic and Ischemic/Reflow hearts, respectively) and strongly correlated with hemodynamics as described by heart rate.
 In washout studies, tissue radioactivity in the aqueous soluble and fatty acid pools declined in both study groups, and counts in complex lipids and cholesterol/cholesteryl esters remained steady, whereas those in triacylglycerols varied.
 Washout of 14CO2 in both groups never reached background radioactivity over a 40-minute sampling after cessation of isotope infusion into the perfusate, suggesting slow release of trapped substrate from intracellular pools, which then proceeded to fatty acid oxidation.
 In conclusion, these experiments have demonstrated very similar findings with respect to fatty acid uptake, storage, and release characteristics between aerobic and reperfused myocardium.
 We found no differences in preferred substrate utilization and oxidation as a result of reversible ischemia followed by reflow.
