Effort thrombosis of the axillosubclavian vein: a disabling vascular disorder.
 In the natural history of this disorder, resumption of normal activity after a period of recuperation (following an episode of thrombosis) frequently leads to symptoms of upper extremity venous hypertension exacerbated by using the arms in the overhead position.
 This position can be demonstrated venographically to further occlude collateral vessels in thoracic outlet.
 A number of patients develop more extensive symptoms of neurogenic thoracic outlet syndrome.
 Anticoagulation may protect the collateral vessels and interrupt the period of active clot propagation resulting in a better functional result than would be expected from the natural history of the thrombotic event.
 In our experience, local Urokinase was the most effective means for reestablishing venous patency.
 With clot dissolution the underlying compression of the vein at the thoracic outlet can be demonstrated.
 Balloon angioplasty should not be undertaken in the acute setting nor prior to relieving the tendinous compression.
 The acute phlebitic process should resolve under the protection of Coumadin for three months.
 At that time it can be determined more effectively which patients require additional therapy.
 Removal of the first rib will decompress the axillosubclavian vein and the thoracic outlet collaterals permitting the vein to regain its normal configuration particularly in younger patients with more acute onset of compression.
 In those patients with more chronic compression the vein becomes stenotic.
 Improvement of the luminal configuration has been accomplished with transvenous balloon angioplasty without the necessity for venous reconstructive procedures in this series.
 Patients with Paget-Schroetter syndrome have a symptom complex which often reflects more extensive neurovascular compression at the thoracic outlet than that which might result from venous hypertension alone.
 Although thrombolytic therapy can restore patency of the axillosubclavian vein, first rib resection is necessary to relieve the external compression.
 This procedure was very effective in patients who had restoration of subclavian vein patency, and to a lesser degree in those with residual occlusion.
