Characterization of the binding domains on platelet glycoproteins Ib-IX and IIb/IIIa complexes for the quinine/quinidine-dependent antibodies.
 Sera of 12 patients with quinine/quinidine-induced thrombocytopenia showed drug-dependent antibody binding to glycoprotein (GP) Ib-IX complex.
 The reaction with GPIb-IX complex of 11 of these 12 sera was strongly inhibited by the complex-specific monoclonal antibodies (MoAbs) AK1 and SZ1.
 The exception was a quinine-induced serum designated BU.
 The reaction of the six quinidine-induced sera was also partially blocked by an anti-GPIX MoAb, FMC25.
 Only 3 of the 12 patient sera showed drug-dependent antibody binding to GPIIb/IIIa, which was strongly inhibited by the anti-GPIIIa MoAb 22C4, and the anti-GPIIb alpha MoAb SZ22.
 With detergent-solubilized Serratia metalloprotease-treated platelets, quinine/quinidine-induced sera, except BU, immunoprecipitated a membrane-bound proteolytic fragment of GPIb-IX complex.
 In contrast, BU immunoprecipitated glycocalicin and a 40-Kd peptide tail fragment of GPIb alpha from the cell supernatant.
 Using purified GPIb-IX complex or its components as the target antigen, all the quinine-induced sera, except BU, immunoprecipitated GPIb-IX complex but failed to immunoprecipitate GPIb, GPIX, or the complex reformed from GPIb and GPIX.
 The quinidine-induced sera strongly immunoprecipitated purified GPIb-IX complex, weakly immunoprecipitated purified GPIX and the recombined complex, but did not immunoprecipitate purified GPIb.
 The combined data suggest that one quinine-dependent antibody (BU) recognizes an epitope in the peptide tail region of GPIb alpha and the other five quinine-dependent antibodies react with a complex-specific epitope on the membrane-associated region of GPIb-IX complex, whereas each of the six quinidine-induced sera contain two drug-dependent antibodies, one reactive with the GPIb-IX complex-specific epitope and the other reactive with GPIX.
 The binding domain(s) on GPIIb/IIIa for the quinine/quinidine-dependent antibodies appear to be sterically close to the epitopes for 22C4 and SZ22.
