Molecular basis of the enhanced susceptibility of the erythrocytes of paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria to hemolysis in acidified serum.
 When incubated in acidified serum, the erythrocytes of paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) are hemolyzed through activation of the alternative pathway of complement (APC), but normal erythrocytes are resistant to this process.
 PNH cells are deficient in decay-accelerating factor (DAF), a complement regulatory protein that inhibits the activity of both the classical and the alternative pathways.
 However, deficiency of DAF alone does not account entirely for the aberrant effects of acidified serum on PNH cells.
 Recently, we have shown that PNH erythrocytes are also deficient in another complement control protein called membrane inhibitor of reactive lysis (MIRL) that restricts complement-mediated lysis by blocking formation of the membrane attack complex (MAC).
 To determine the effects of the DAF and MIRL on susceptibility to acidified serum lysis, PNH cells were repleted with the purified proteins.
 DAF partially inhibited acidified serum lysis by blocking the activity of the amplification C3 convertase.
 MIRL inhibited acidified serum lysis both by blocking the activity of the MAC and by inhibiting the activity the C3 convertase.
 When DAF function was blocked with antibody, normal erythrocytes became partially susceptible to acidified serum lysis.
 By blocking MIRL, cells were made completely susceptible to lysis, and control of C3 convertase activity was partially lost.
 When both DAF and MIRL were blocked, the capacity of normal erythrocytes to control the activity of the APC and the MAC was destroyed, and the cells hemolyzed even in unacidified serum.
 These studies demonstrate that DAF and MIRL act in concert to control susceptibility to acidified serum lysis; of the two proteins, MIRL is the more important.
 In addition to its regulatory effects on the MAC, MIRL also influences the activity of the C3 convertase of the APC.
 Further, in the absence of DAF and MIRL, the plasma regulators (factor H and factor I) lack the capacity to control membrane-associated activation of the APC.
