Heterogeneity of the molecular basis of hereditary pyropoikilocytosis and hereditary elliptocytosis associated with increased levels of the spectrin alpha I/74-kilodalton tryptic peptide.
 Hereditary pyropoikilocytosis (HPP) and hereditary elliptocytosis are closely related, congenital disorders of the red blood cell usually associated with defective spectrin self-association and abnormal limited tryptic digestion of the N-terminal of domain of spectrin.
 Enhanced cleavage by trypsin of spectrin from affected individuals at arginyl residue 45* and lysyl residue 48* frequently yields increased amounts of an alpha 1/74-Kd fragment at the expense of the normal alpha 1/80-Kd parent fragment.
 Limited tryptic digestion of three unrelated individuals with HPP showed the alpha 1/74 defect.
 To ascertain the molecular defect responsible for the abnormality, the structure of exon 2 of the alpha-spectrin gene was examined.
 Genomic DNA from the subjects was amplified by the polymerase chain reaction using primers flanking exon 2.
 Restriction endonuclease digestion of amplified products showed the loss of the HindIII site at codons 47 and 48 in one allele of subject 1 and abolished the AhaII site at codons 27 and 28 in one allele of subjects 2 and 3.
 Nucleotide sequence analysis of subcloned amplified DNA from the HPP subjects showed three novel amino acid substitutions.
 In subject 1 (a black individual), a single base substitution (AAG----AGG) at codon position 48 changes amino acid residue lysine to arginine.
 In subject 2 (a white individual), a single base substitution (CGT----AGT) at codon 28 changes arginine to serine.
 In subject 3 (a black individual), a different base substitution at position 28 (CGT----CTT) changes arginine to leucine.
 These mutations occur at positions of the alpha l domain where other mutations have also been described, indicating that the normal residues at these positions play an important role in spectrin dimer self-association and thus, in membrane stability.
