house of corpses devils rejects isnt it supposed to be set in tx thats where it was filmed right the strech of hwy looks familiar in the end corpses and rejects were both shot right here in the santa clarita valley and that last road is not route Santa Clarita, California California State Route 14 Southern California California State Route 1 California State Route 126 Los Angeles County, California Antelope Valley Freeway Golden State Freeway Interstate 5 The Devil's Rejects U.S. Highway 101 West Side Highway British Columbia provincial highway 1 Santa Susana Mountains American Old West Santa Clara County, California Hume Highway Castaic, California Sonoma County, California House of 1000 Corpses Pacific, Missouri Greater Los Angeles Area U.S. Highway 20 Erin Mills, Ontario Orange County, California U.S. Highway 91 Interstate 210 (California) British Columbia provincial highway 99 Santa Rosa, California San Gabriel Valley Mineral County, West Virginia Ventura Freeway San Francisco Bay Area California State Route 74 Ontario provincial highway 2 Vasquez Rocks Long Island Rail Road Santa Clara County Route G6 U.S. Highway 395 Santa Clara County Route G8 Battle of Gettysburg Los Angeles, California Operation Market Garden U.S. Highway 6 California State Route 4 California State Route 23 California State Highway 17 California State Route 35 Ontario provincial highway 401 Interstate 75 California State Route 2 Rob Zombie Transverse Ranges Palmdale, California Gettysburg Campaign Bill Moseley United States Marine Corps California State Route 33 CSI: Crime Scene Investigation Tippi Hedren San Joaquin Valley Indiana state highways Santa Clara County expressway system Colorado State Highway 14 Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Ontario provincial highway 17 St. Francis Dam U.S. Highway 19 Battle of Gettysburg, Second Day Santa Cruz, California U.S. Highway system Edge city Southern California freeways Caterpillar D9 Glen Coe Full Metal Jacket Hell U.S. Highway 1 Ridge Route Preston, Minnesota Tim Burton's Corpse Bride Burma Campaign Kelowna, British Columbia Interstate 405 (California) John F. Kennedy assassination Little Cacapon River California State Route 58 Coachella Valley Uncanny Valley Gettysburg Battlefield Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Christmas Alberta provincial highway 2 San Bernardino Freeway Florida State Roads Cupertino, California Santa Monica Mountains Battle of France U.S. Highway 23 