who is more powerful godzilla or chutulhu what will happen and who will be victorious the atomic fire breathing godzilla or the lovecraft's monstrous chutulhu cthulhu because he is older than the cosmos nice question by the way you don't see too many lovecraft oriented questions out there Cthulhu mythos Alien races from the Godzilla films Godzilla Godzilla vs. Hedorah Necronomicon Godzilla vs. Megaguirus Zilla King Ghidorah Great Old Ones Gigan Gamera Cthulhu mythos biographies Great Old Ones compendium H.P. Lovecraft Pentagram Godzilla (1998 film) Godzilla Raids Again Robert Bloch Nyarlathotep Azathoth Godzilla (1954 film) Shub-Niggurath Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack King Kong vs. Godzilla Old Ones Ebirah Hastur Call of Cthulhu (role-playing game) Minya Alone in the Dark (series) Tokusatsu Kumonga Biollante Monster X Hedorah, the Smog Monster Baragon Monsterland / Monster Island The Call of Cthulhu Nightgaunt Thomas Ligotti Arkham H.P. Lovecraft's Dream-Cycle The Dunwich Horror Elder Gods (Cthulhu mythos) Deep One (Cthulhu mythos) August Derleth Cthulhu mythos celestial bodies At the Mountains of Madness Yoga Sutras of Patanjali Venus Cthulhu mythos arcane literature Frank Belknap Long Ramsey Campbell Sea monster Outer Gods References to the Cthulhu mythos R'lyeh Guyver Treaty of Nice Yog-Sothoth Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla Elder Thing Nothing Nice To Say The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Fallout (computer game) Dagon Blood (computer game) Cthulhu mythos reference codes and bibliography Clark Ashton Smith Abhoth (Cthulhu mythos) Dungeons & Dragons Illithid Nodens (Cthulhu mythos) Godzilla: Final Wars Godzilla vs. Mothra The Return of Godzilla Godzilla vs. Destoroyah Godzilla 2000: Millennium Shoggoth Son of Godzilla Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II Names of large numbers Godzilla 3D to the MAX Godzilla: Destroy All Monsters Melee Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla Godzilla: Save the Earth Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah Mothra vs. Godzilla Godzilla: Tokyo SOS Bambi Meets Godzilla Ambrose Bierce Oozaru Godzilla comics Blue __yster Cult Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem Re-Animator Uranus 