mario race through town question for n can anyone give me detailed instructions on how to get the star inside of the cage in quick race through town for mario in n thank you which main painting did you jump through to get there if i don't know that i can't really help you beacuse i haven't played it in so long Super Mario 64 Goomba Super Mario Kart Paper Mario Super Mario Bros. 3 Rugby union positions Mario Kart Super Circuit Mario Party series Mario Mario Kart 64 Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Super Mario World Luigi Koopa Troopa Mario Andretti Nintendo Power Bowser Equine conformation Crash Team Racing Mario series enemies U.S. Highway 1 Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Kart racing Mario Kart DS Super Mario Bros. Wario Mario Pinball Land Lakitu Link (Legend of Zelda) Tosca Mario Party 6 Donkey Kong (arcade game) The Wizard (film) Mario Bros. Champ Car Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Mario Party 2 Shigeru Miyamoto Super Mario All-Stars Yoshi Touch & Go Super Mario Bros. 2 Mario Is Missing! Super Mario 64 DS United States Automobile Club Mario Kart The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Windsurfing Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Mario remake series Nintendo GameCube E-Reader Diddy Kong Metroid Prime: Hunters John Cage Speedrun Crash Bandicoot Nintendo Comics System Mario Party Super Mario 128 Computer and video game genres Professor E. Gadd The Legend of Zelda series enemies Mario Winans Super Mario Sunshine Game & Watch Gallery Volleyball Super Nintendo Entertainment System Jak and Daxter Mario Lemieux Princess Peach Galactic Civilizations Sonic the Hedgehog Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Dr. Mario 64 Cray-1 Platform game Nintendo Mario Paint Mario Vargas Llosa Birdo Mario Cipollini Compiler optimization Yoshi's Story Professional wrestling aerial techniques X86 assembly language Super Mario Bros. television series Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics Computer and video games Mario Party 4 The Legend of Zelda series races Mario Party Advance Hammer Brothers Koji Kondo Tag Sonic the Hedgehog (16-bit) Mario Party 7 Motorola 68000 