when have you completed sims in sims i have got the mansion home and i dont know how you know if you've completed it or if you've got as far as you can go is there still progression to be made the sims isn't a winning game you just play and play and play you can't beat this game in the sims you play your family make kids buy houses throw parties until your hearts content in the sims however you play a family make babies watch them grow up throw birthday parties buy or build houses and more it's basically the same as the sims but soo much better to answer your question you can't complete the sims unless you feel you have when you do just make a new family and do it all over again have fun FIFA Series Real Madrid Wayne Rooney Contract bridge Professional sports Alex Ferguson Winning Streak FIFA Hearts (game) The Football League Video poker England national football team Chelsea F.C. Satchel Paige Zin__dine Zidane Scrabble Wheel of Fortune Blackjack Norway national football team Denis Law United States dollar Slot machine Euro Spades FIFA World Player of the Year Rangers F.C. Luis Figo Aston Villa F.C. Monopoly (game) Salary cap Football (soccer) David Beckham Blackburn Rovers F.C. PGA European Tour Tony Adams (footballer) Everton F.C. MMORPG Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? 1919 World Series Jos__ Mourinho EFTPOS Dundee United F.C. DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution Zlatan Ibrahimovi__ Universal Mobile Telecommunications System FA Premier League 1992-93 Wal-Mart Ronaldo Minor league baseball Gianluca Vialli Football culture Michael Owen Michael Ballack Quizbowl Ra__l Gonz__lez Philip Cocu Education in Germany Kieron Dyer Hern__n Crespo Credit card Dennis Bergkamp Canasta Money Marco van Basten The Joker's Wild Compact disc Ruud van Nistelrooy Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Sensible Software Frank Lampard Table tennis Tax Thierry Henry Tic-Tac-Dough Jeopardy! Portsmouth F.C. 2004-05 in English football SM-liiga Steve McManaman Stuart Pearce Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Poker jargon Agricultural policy Pel__ Eric Cantona Portugal national football team Football Jack Charlton Chess FIFA Club World Championship Live action role-playing game Football World Cup Actua Soccer Diego Maradona Microeconomics Supply and demand Manchester United 1986-1999 Ian St. John Final Fantasy XI Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME 