in animal crossing what are all these items ending in oid i have a howloid a tallbowtoid and a tall lamentoid what are they and what do they do they are collectively known as gyroids their main purpose is to be placed in your home and make noise they can be turned on and off if you have one of k k slider's songs playing in the same room they will keep rhythm with the song since they can't be ordered from the catalog collectors will gladly trade for them otherwise they sell well at nook's shop SOCOM II: U.S. Navy SEALs America's Army U.S. Navy SEALs United States Special Operations Command United States Air Force PlayStation 2 MacDill Air Force Base Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Game programmer Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3: Raven Shield Battlefield Vietnam Mortal Kombat Computer and video games Video game developer M1911 Mosin-Nagant Game design Winter Soldier Investigation Brewster H. Shaw Pok__mon (video games) Game programming Resident Evil (video game) G.I. Joe Metal Gear Solid: VR Missions Video game publisher Super Mario 64 The Star Wars Holiday Special Tet Offensive Music video United States Marine Corps Bubble Bobble Major League Baseball All-Star Game Video game console Wargaming Pok__mon Trading Card Game USS Perch (SS-313) Vietnam Veterans Against the War Asia Doom (film) Manhunt (video game) Paul W. S. Anderson Medal of Honor U.S. Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance Star Wars: Dark Forces Computer and video game industry Baseball Tiny Toon Adventures Red Hot Chili Peppers Intellivision Air Force Research Laboratory Star Trek Customizable Card Game United States Special Operations Forces Halo (video game series) Nintendo Revolution Dungeons & Dragons Nintendo Entertainment System Real-time strategy ATI Technologies Punisher Game development Stormfront Studios Computer role-playing game Super Mario Bros. 3 Bomb disposal Soldier of Fortune II: Double Helix Nute Gunray Sega Super Robot Wars PlayStation 3 Resident Evil The Rutles Pinball In The Groove (game) Volleyball John P. Jumper Sonic Adventure Nintendo Plame affair Collision detection Wheel of Fortune Double Dragon Take Two Interactive All your base are belong to us Space Shuttle Columbia disaster Whose Line Is It Anyway? Homestar Runner Space Invaders Hilary Duff MobyGames United States Department of Defense Nintendo GameCube Apollo moon landing hoax accusations Midway Games South Vietnam Mario Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Mercenaries: Playground of Destruction Video game crash of 1983 Killer 7 