cheat for the sims is there a cheat code which lets you keep the toddlers from playing in the toilet it's getting downright annoying for me control shift c enter move objects on hit enter from now on when they go to play in the toilet you can put they're ass outside so they will forget and move to a new action Computer role-playing game First-person shooter Canon (fiction) Garth Brooks Friedrich Schleiermacher 1957 World Series Pure Pwnage Star Trek Customizable Card Game Birthday Computer and video games Marathon (computer game) Eight ball Metroid series Minor characters in Sonic the Hedgehog 1986 National League Championship Series Ringworld Craps Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Lost in Space Surreal number Kitana Theory of conduct Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan Douglas Adams National Hockey League All-Star Game Scrolling shooter Shooter game The O.C. Paul Levesque Houston Rockets Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Doug Care Bears Poker jargon Rare (video game company) Shaggy dog story St. Louis Cardinals Metroid Prime Big Brother (USA TV series) Amy Rose Liu Kang (Mortal Kombat) Kodocha Evil Andre Agassi Bob and George Link (Legend of Zelda) Ethics The Care Bears (television series) Rasheed Wallace Galaxy Angel Justification (theology) Sister Princess Chrono Cross Card game Lou Gehrig Quentin Tarantino Counter-Strike Final Fantasy: Crystal Chronicles Final Fantasy VII Hip hop rivalries Halo (video game series) Absolute magnitude Expanded Universe (Star Wars) National Basketball Association FC Rostov Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Iron Bowl Garfield Philip J. Fry W.I.T.C.H. Cincinnati Reds St. Louis Rams Dark Phoenix Saga Pittsburgh Steelers C. S. Lewis Hearts (game) Roman Catholic Church Summa Theologiae New England Patriots Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Miles "Tails" Prower Kath & Kim Cats (musical) Truth God Led Zeppelin Adventure game Socrates The Jam Stars! Planet Waves Starship Troopers Chico and the Man Property (ownership right) Cardcaptor Sakura Characters in the Smurfs Star Fox Team Rocket Game 