pokemon trade i have pokemon up for trade they are lvl shiny latios lvl shiny deoxys lvl salemence lvl mesprit lvl mew lvl regice lvl spiritomb lvl charizard lvl latias lvl manaphy lvl metagross e mail me your friend code and what pokemon you want remember these pokemon go fast so get in your offer i need a metagross i'm already on your friends list meet you there sometime Donkey Kong Yoshi Mario Kart 64 Diddy Kong Nintendo Mario Kart DS Super Nintendo Entertainment System Intelligent Systems Nintendo 64 Lakitu Super Mario All-Stars Mario Mario Kart Super Circuit Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Bowser Mario series enemies Nintendo Power Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Princess Peach Koopa Kid Shigeru Miyamoto Donkey Kong Island Donkey Kong Country Koopa Troopa Rare (video game company) Game Boy Super Mario Bros. Tetris Attack Video game music Trilogy Kremling Krew Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest Luigi Wario Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Donkey Kong (arcade game) Donkey Kong 64 King K. Rool Kamek History of video games (16-bit era) Mario vs. Donkey Kong Birdo Diddy Kong Racing Banjo-Kazooie Super Smash Bros. Nintendo GameCube Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble! Samus Aran Super Mario remake series Toad (Nintendo) Super Mario 128 Super Mario World Captain N: The Game Master Player's Choice Super Mario Bros. television series Dixie Kong Pac-Man Super Smash Bros. Melee Donkey Kong (Game Boy game) Platform game Nintendo Entertainment System Mario Bros. Nintendo Vs. Series Goomba Donkey Kong Land Super Mario Strikers David Wise Cranky Kong Mario Party 3 Super Mario Bros. 3 Hammer Brothers Donkey Kong Country (TV series) Link (Legend of Zelda) Super Mario Bros. 2 Mario Party Video game character Tetris Nintendo Revolution Super Mario 64 Mario Party series Wario's Woods Boss (video games) Donkey Kong Land III Computer and video game genres Monty Mole Nintendo DS Classic NES Series Game & Watch Gallery Super Mario Sunshine Mario Andretti Mario Golf Warp pipe Donkey Konga Poochy 