what should i do my mom said if i play football she will get me an gig ps i want the ps but i dont want to play football because football takes like months plus i dont think that i will start in football what should i do you need to figure that out yourself yahoo answers cannot help you with your own life like that get off line and decide whether you want to play football or not no one here knows you personally ask a friend Football (soccer) National Football League American football The Football League Canadian football Football in Sweden Gaelic football Football in the United Kingdom Rugby union Gaelic Athletic Association Arena football World Football League Raisins (South Park episode) Tag Atomic Kitten Bundesliga (football) Tom Robinson Band Mr. T Joe Pass Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Jack Kerouac Louis Armstrong Punt (football) Married... with Children Soccer mom Super Bowl Playoff Wide receiver Ladies' Gaelic football Shaggy dog story Page widening IFK G__teborg Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. 2004-05 in English football Millwall F.C. Football in England Peter Shilton Offensive team Rugby league Arkansas Razorbacks American Dreams Forrest Gump 1932 NFL Playoff Game The Misfits Diego Maradona Caillou June 2005 in sports Australian Football League Newcastle United F.C. Wayne Rooney Canadian Football League Sudden death $ale of the Century Richmond Football Club FA Cup Royal Shrovetide Football The Adventures of Pete & Pete Dundee United F.C. Relative clause Fulham F.C. Comparison of Canadian and American football College football Stockport County F.C. Western Australian Football League Hustler Magazine v. Falwell Super Bowl XXVII Duff McKagan Official (American football) RuneScape Mini-Games Football World Cup 1990 Lineman (football) Manchester City F.C. RuneScape quests Kevin Keegan Super Bowl III Gothic metal Football (soccer) positions Kodocha Kansas City Chiefs Year of the Spider 10,000 Maniacs Friends Harrow Football Glossary of American football National Hockey League All-Star Game FC Zwolle S.League Super Bowl XXV Defensive team Good Times Bro'Town Patrick Star Football 2004 European Football Championship Meat Loaf American football strategy Stirling Albion F.C. Kurt Cobain Jack Charlton 