guitar hero i have guitar hero for play station and i bought a wireless guitar and i put brand new batteries in them and i turn the guitar on and i turn on the switch to turn on the guitar and the red light that turns red when it is on just blinks once and turns off and it doesn t work if you try to play the game the guitar doesn t work because its not on can someone please help i cant just reutrn it because we have had it for too long to reutrn it and it just happened yesterday so i was wondering if there is a way to fix it i have a blue wireless controller i think its called a react one or something at first when i turned it on the light would go off after seconds and i couldnt figure out what was wrong but then i found out that you should turn the ps on wait for minutes until it loads past the game makers i think harmonix is the last one then turn it on and the light should stay on also make sure the green light on the reciever the thing plugged into the ps is solid if your guitar is a react brand and this doesn't solve your problem then send me an email with details on the problem like which lights are on or blinking and that stuff Super Mario Kart World Wide Web Mario Mario Kart DS Super Mario 64 HyperText Transfer Protocol Apache HTTP Server Super Mario Bros. Super Mario All-Stars Super Mario World Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Platform game Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island Super Mario remake series Super Mario Land Super Mario Bros. 2 Super Mario 64 DS Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Website Nintendo Power Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins Super Mario Bros. 3 E-Reader Super Mario Bros. Deluxe Super Mario 128 Super Mario Sunshine Nintendo 64 Luigi Mario Bros. Mario Kart Paper Mario Game Boy Super Mario Bros. (film) Princess Peach Super Mario Advance 4 Bowser Wart (Nintendo) Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga Super Smash Bros. Wget Nintendo Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 Web server Toad (Nintendo) Koopa Troopa Computer and video games that have been considered the greatest ever Super Mario Bros. television series Yoshi Super Smash Bros. Melee Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix Super Nintendo Entertainment System Video game character Koji Kondo Enhanced remake Mushroom Kingdom Super Mushroom Koopa Kid Mario Kart Super Circuit Wario Birdo Mario series enemies Goomba Uniform Resource Locator Doki Doki Panic Super Mario Strikers Internet Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Tetris Attack Fire Flower Lakitu Princess Daisy Mario Lemieux Bob-omb Mario Power Tennis Dr. Mario 64 PlayChoice-10 Mario Kart 64 Hammer Brothers Intelligent Systems Piranha Plant Waluigi Donkey Kong Yoshi Touch & Go Nintendo Comics System Computer and video games Donkey Kong Junior Mario Party Advance Shigeru Miyamoto Nintendo GameCube Metroid series Yoshi's Safari Thwomp Mario Is Missing! History of video games (16-bit era) GameFAQs Mario's Picross Warp pipe Monty Mole 