pov winner spoiler alert guess who got it dick won this is what dick said dick me winning the veto and taking you off is the perfect exit for me dani begins to cry and says it sucks i hate these people evel will not go home his antics have brought bb the highest ratings it has seen in years they will not send him home as long as the ratings are coming in Pyramid (game show) Episodes of Lost (Season 1) 3rd Rock from the Sun Dick Williams International League Big Brother (USA TV series) Leeds United F.C. Survivor (TV series) Oakland Athletics Good Morning, Vietnam The Amber Spyglass Scrabble (game show) Major League Baseball television contracts Mary Poppins Three Stooges Beavis and Butt-head Kurt Angle Films that have been considered the greatest ever Password (game) Red Sox Nation Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Cincinnati Bengals Doctor Who (Enemy Within) Dick Allen Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Playoff The Shining (film) Indianapolis 500 Robin (comics) Christian Death The Jim Rome Show Greg Valentine Ken Jennings Pump It Up Phoebe Buffay's songs Rodney Anoai Katharine Hepburn Jeopardy! Robin Ventura Essendon Football Club Cleveland Indians Atari 8-bit family Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics Ukrainian presidential election, 2004 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Virgil Runnels, Jr. Tic-Tac-Dough Philip K. Dick Detroit Tigers The Price Is Right ELO rating system Dick Clark (entertainer) St. Louis Rams San Francisco 49ers Mindless Self Indulgence John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Moby-Dick Card Sharks Shawn Michaels Dick and Dom in da Bungalow Evel Knievel Bad Wolf Michael Dukakis Gameplay of StarCraft Dick Advocaat Ralph Klein English cricket team V8 Supercar Hillary Rodham Clinton U.S. presidential election, 1992 St. Louis Cardinals U.S. presidential election, 2000 Kansas City Chiefs Good Times Go ranks and ratings Dick Vermeil Anatoly Karpov Datalore (TNG episode) The Inside The Dicks Dick Cavett Ravi Shastri Family Feud The Apprentice 2 Susan Hayward Dick Morris Winner's curse West Ham United F.C. Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In Hocus Pocus (film) Dick Gregory Rangers F.C. The Marshall Mathers LP The Parting of the Ways Martian Successor Nadesico History of Test cricket (to 1883) Ra (board game) 