what is a petitioner's list i have an ancestor who appears on a louisiana petitioner's list in the early s what is this one of the parties to a case the petitioner is called this because he or she is petitioning or asking for something the other party might be called the respondent or might be an administrative agency hope that helps Supreme Court of the United States United States court of appeals Service of process Bundestag (Germany) Food and Drug Administration National Federation Party (Fiji) Buddie Petit Child support Unfair labor practice Rosuvastatin Terri Schiavo Federalist Party (United States) Pardon Louisiana MoveOn Direct democracy Supreme court Town meeting Ralph Nader Appeal 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Government of India Immigration to the United States Lawrence v. Texas Independent Media Center Israel Freedom of Information Act (United States) Hazelwood, Missouri NAACP v. Alabama Cannabis rescheduling in the United States Constitution of Austria Trail of Tears Tory Harry Bridges Federal Emergency Management Agency of the United States California government and politics Philippine general election, 2004 Administrative law of the United States Civil unions in the United Kingdom Certiorari Denzil Holles, 1st Baron Holles Federal Register Whig San Fernando Valley New Deal United States House of Representatives Federal government of the United States Mohammad Ali Jinnah John Scott, 1st Earl of Eldon Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe Brief (law) Controlled Substances Act Constitutional history of Canada Police Israeli West Bank barrier Frank Rizzo 2003 California recall Discovery (law) Article Three of the United States Constitution Plan de S__nchez massacre Government of France Politics of the United Kingdom Stockwell Day Mail-order bride Dred Scott v. Sandford Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs Referendum U.S. presidential election, 2008 Liberal Party of Canada Political effects of Hurricane Katrina Endangered Species Act Stump v. Sparkman Reigate (UK Parliament constituency) Offices in Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer Convention to propose amendment to U.S. Constitution The Best Page in the Universe Elections in the United Kingdom Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Kukai Rulemaking Political party Schutzstaffel Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 Speaker of the British House of Commons Centre Party (Germany) Michael D. Brown Environmental Protection Agency Taiwan Law of the People's Republic of China Communist party Bayh-Dole Act Louis XV of France French language Canadian House of Commons American Viticultural Area Newfoundland and Labrador Mandeville, Louisiana John Birch Society 