who is harmon field in charleston south carolina named for looking for any info on harmons in south carolina the earlier the better all i could find was that a mr harmon donated it to the city of charleston the park has been in use since do contact the sc historical society in charleston they would definitely know Charleston, South Carolina Charleston Southern University College of Charleston South Carolina Atlantic Coast Line Railroad University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill U.S. Highway 52 Charleston, West Virginia Virginian Railway Southern Baptist Convention Christopher Gadsden Interstate 77 South Carolina Stingrays Province of Carolina John England Belmont Park USS Worden (DD-288) Henry Laurens U.S. Highway 17 John C. Calhoun Union blockade Tallahatchie County, Mississippi Marshall University Quantum harmonic oscillator Interstate 26 Hugh Williamson North Augusta, South Carolina Southern United States Town twinning American Civil War USS Yorktown (CV-10) Tonality Charleston, Illinois Southern Railway (US) Hampshire County, West Virginia Mount Pleasant, South Carolina Battle of Fort Sumter SCETV Charles Cotesworth Pinckney John Rutledge Military academy Charlotte, North Carolina History of the Southern United States William N. Page Columbia, South Carolina York County, South Carolina West Virginia Power Fort Moultrie Hugh S. Legar__ Langdon Cheves Charleston (dance) Lachlan McIntosh USS Odax (SS-484) William Johnson (1771-1834) Myrtle Beach, South Carolina Music history of the United States during the colonial era J. Johnston Pettigrew USS Alexander Hamilton (SSBN-617) Hilton Head Island, South Carolina Charles Pinckney (governor) Plant System Watermelon The Citadel (Military College) Arthur Ravenel, Jr. Bridge Savannah, Georgia Silver Meteor Lindy Hop Francis Marion Pi Kappa Phi Interstate 73 Colonial America Rawlins Lowndes Siege of Charleston History of South Carolina USS Swanson (DD-443) Lighthouses in the United States Kershaw County, South Carolina CSS H. L. Hunley Medical University of South Carolina University of South Carolina USS Sunfish (SSN-649) Coleman L. Blease Ernest Hollings John Laurens Uppsala University Robert Y. Hayne Cotillion Sacred Harp 2004 Atlantic hurricane season Sigma Nu Jazz Thomas Sumter Robert G. Harper William Westmoreland American Revolutionary War Greenville, South Carolina USS Walke (DD-34) William Washington USS Moffett (DD-362) 