Pulmonary function in individuals with a history of poliomyelitis.
 We examined the relationship between the lung function of 74 individuals with a history of poliomyelitis and reports of shortness of breath during activities of daily living, and the presence of post-polio sequelae risk factors.
 First, we studied the spirometry of 60 individuals (group 1) and second, we studied the relationship between the spirometry of an additional 14 individuals (group 2) and their respiratory muscle strength (Pimax and Pemax).
 In both groups, we examined the relationship between factors associated with post-polio sequelae including ventilation at polio-onset, having contracted polio after the age of 10, and having had polio for over 35 years; and lung function.
 In group 1, the FEV1 and FVC were lower for individuals with shortness of breath than individuals without (p less than 0.01).
 With respect to risk factors, FEV1 and FVC were lower in individuals who were ventilated at polio-onset, in individuals who contracted polio over 10 years of age, and in individuals who had had polio for less, rather than more than 35 years (p less than 0.05).
 The results for group 2 were comparable to group 1.
 In addition, the observed Pimax and Pemax were significantly lower than predicted values (p less than 0.05).
 Although FEV1 and FVC were positively correlated with both Pimax and Pemax (p less than 0.05), Pemax was disproportionately impaired compared to Pimax (40 +/- 12.1 and 82 +/- 38.8 percent predicted respectively).
 We conclude that individuals with a history of poliomyelitis can have compromised lung function irrespective of shortness of breath, that risk factors such as ventilation at polio-onset and polio-onset after 10 years of age can help predict those at risk of respiratory compromise, and that the measurement of respiratory muscle strength and of Pemax in particular, can augment the assessment of lung function of these individuals.
 Such assessment may avert respiratory complications in the post poliomyelitis population including those secondary to health care interventions.
