When is echocardiography unreliable in patients undergoing catheterization for pediatric cardiovascular disease?
 Technologic advances in echocardiography (e.g., better spatial resolution, Doppler, and color flow mapping) have improved our ability to demonstrate anatomy and physiology in previously problematic conditions, precluding catheterization and angiography in some instances.
 However, diagnostic catheterization remains necessary in other instances.
 The aims of this study were to determine whether echocardiography alone was sufficient to delineate the anatomic and flow abnormalities in patients subsequently selected to undergo catheterization and, if not, under what circumstances was echocardiography unable to establish the definitive diagnosis.
 Echocardiograms of 252 infants and children who underwent catheterization during a 14-month interval were analyzed retrospectively to determine whether the echographic assessment was nondiscrepant (group 1) or discrepant (group 2) with the catheterization assessment.
 Any deviation in the complete accurate assessment constituted a discrepancy; identification of more than one discrepancy in a single patient was possible.
 Independent variables included patient's age, weight, operative status, use of color flow mapping, echocardiograph operator, and interval between echocardiogram and catheterization.
 To determine whether the discrepancies were clinically significant, data from patients in group 2 were reviewed independently by three cardiologists to determine whether patient management would have changed given the added data provided by catheterization.
 Echocardiographic evaluations were discrepant in 155 instances.
 In 54 of 155 instances (35%), discrepancies were judged to be clinically significant (group 3).
 Twenty-three of 54 cases (43%) involved extracardiac lesions (i.e., aortic arch, pulmonary arterial, bronchial collateral, and pulmonary venous anomalies), 20 of 54 (37%) involved pressure gradients, 7 of 54 (13%) involved intracardiac lesions, and 4 of 54 (7%) involved coronary arterial lesions.
