Interrupting the adaptive changes in congestive heart failure.
 Circulating plasma concentrations of norepinephrine, renin, angiotensin and vasopressin are increased in congestive heart failure.
 By increasing ventricular afterload, heart failure is further worsened, which in turn--in a vicious cycle--stimulates neurohumoral vasoconstrictor mechanisms.
 Furthermore, because of the compensatory but excessive stimulation of the sympathomimetic system, a down-regulation and desensitization particularly of the myocardial beta 1 receptors and depletion of myocardial catecholamine occurs in chronic heart failure.
 These defects may be restored toward normal by interventions that attenuate the activity of the sympathetic nervous system.
 A direct approach to modify the excessive vasoconstriction is to administer systemic vasodilator drugs, but despite favorable short-term effects, tolerance developed to most of these drugs during long-term treatment.
 One reason for the loss of effectiveness is the reflex activation of the sympathetic system, which increases vasoconstrictor hormone concentrations.
 Activation of the renin-angiotensin system can be modified effectively by angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors that have shown favorable responses in patients with chronic heart failure.
 Beta-blocking agents interfere with endogenous sympathetic activation and have produced beneficial effects in patients with congestive cardiomyopathy.
 Long-term treatment is associated with up-regulation of the number of beta receptors and an improved responsiveness to catecholamines.
 Owing to the negative inotropic effects of beta-blocking agents, some of the patients with severe heart failure deteriorated hemodynamically and clinically.
 Theoretically, it should be advantageous to have a substance that combines protection against excessive beta stimulation with a mild inotropic support to prevent cardiac decompensation.
 This may be achieved by a selective beta 1-partial agonist like xamoterol.
