Hypertension in blacks: clinical overview.
 Although the decline in stroke and other cardiovascular morbid and mortal events has been occurring since the 1940s, the steeper decline since 1968 has been attributed to improved hypertension awareness, treatment, and control.
 However, in spite of this encouraging trend from the population in general, surveys from the 1970s and our more recent survey from the Maryland Hypertension Program indicate that hypertension control among blacks remains unacceptably poor, particularly in view of the high prevalence.
 Of special concern are black men, who have the highest prevalence of any group and the poorest control rate (see Tables 6-1 through 6-4).
 According to Gillum and Gillum, "High rates of non-compliance with follow-up and drug therapy seriously compromised the efforts of community-wide programs.
 Indeed, non-compliance with therapeutic or preventive health advice is now the major barrier to effective hypertension control in the United States." Impediments to ideal hypertension control in black communities can be divided into three categories 1.
 Severity of hypertension in blacks.
 2.
 Barriers related to the medical care system, including inadequate financial resources (see also Chapter 5), inconveniently located health care facilities, long waiting times, and inaccessibility to health education, specifically as it relates to hypertension.
 3.
 Barriers related to the social, psychosocial, and sociopolitical environment, which include problems of underemployment, unemployment, racism, and strained racial relationships.
 In summary, one could say that, in spite of generally improved hypertension control in the United States, the group that has the worse problems (blacks, especially males) is not benefiting as much as the general population.
 The strategy for treating black patients with hypertension is little different from that applied to all other patients.
 However, consideration must be given to the patients' lifestyle.
 The cultural differences in diet especially must be taken into account.
 Finally, economic considerations must always be an important component in managing black hypertensive patients.
 For a detailed discussion of treatment alternatives, see Chapter 11.
