Toxicity and immunomodulatory effects of interleukin-2 after autologous bone marrow transplantation for hematologic malignancies.
 Autologous bone marrow transplantation (ABMT) for advanced hematologic malignancies is associated with high relapse rates.
 Interleukin-2 (IL-2) and lymphokine-activated killer (LAK) cells represent a potentially non-cross-resistant therapeutic modality that might prevent or delay relapses if used early after ABMT at a time when the tumor burden is minimal.
 However, high-dose chemoradiotherapy and ABMT might increase patients' susceptibility to IL-2 toxicity, and might interfere with immunologic responses to IL-2 in vivo.
 Therefore, to determine safety, tolerance, and immunomodulatory effects of IL-2 therapy early after ABMT, IL-2 was administered by continuous intravenous infusion to 16 patients 14 to 91 days (median, 33) after ABMT for acute leukemia, lymphoma, or multiple myeloma.
 Patients were sequentially assigned to escalating IL-2 "induction" doses (0.3 to 4.5 x 10(6) U/m2/d, days 1 to 5), and all patients received a nonescalating IL-2 "maintenance" dose (0.3 x 10(6) U/m2/d, days 12 to 21).
 Most patients exhibited mild to moderate fever, nausea, diarrhea, and/or skin rash with IL-2 infusions.
 The maximum tolerated "induction" dose was 3.0 x 10(6) U/m2/d; dose-limiting toxicities were hypotension and thrombocytopenia.
 All toxicities reversed on stopping the IL-2 infusions, and all patients completed "maintenance." Postinfusion lymphocytosis was exhibited by patients at all IL-2 dose levels.
 With the higher IL-2 doses, increased percentages of patients' PBMC expressed CD16 and CD56, with augmented lysis of K562 and Daudi, reflecting the induction of natural killer and circulating LAK effector activities.
 Increased LAK precursor activity was exhibited by patients at all IL-2 dose levels.
 Thus, the IL-2 therapy regimen was safely tolerated after ABMT, and pronounced immunomodulatory effects were observed with the higher IL-2 doses.
 These studies support the planned use of IL-2 and LAK cells after ABMT in an attempt to reduce relapses of advanced hematologic malignancies.
