Intraoperative duplex sonography during renal artery reconstruction.
 To assess renal duplex sonography as an intraoperative study to detect technical defects during repair, 57 renal artery reconstructions in 35 patients were studied.
 Sixteen men and 19 women (mean age, 62 years) underwent unilateral (13 patients) or bilateral (22 patients) renal artery repair to 57 kidneys.
 Methods of repair included aortorenal bypass grafting in 29 cases (20 saphenous vein, 5 polytetrafluoroethylene, 4 Dacron), reimplantation in 7, transrenal thromboendarterectomy with patch angioplasty in 13, and transaortic extraction thromboendarterectomy in 8.
 Branch renal artery repair was required in six cases (five in vivo, one ex vivo).
 Fourteen patients had combined aortic replacement (11 patients: 8 abdominal aortic aneurysms, 3 aortic occlusions) or visceral artery reconstruction (three patients: three superior mesenteric artery thromboendarterectomies, one inferior mesenteric artery thromboendarterectomy).
 Intraoperative renal duplex sonography (mean scan time, 4.5 minutes) was complete in 56 of 57 repairs (98%), and renal duplex sonography was normal in 44 repairs (77%).
 Overall, B-scan defects were present in 13 repairs (23%).
 Six of these (11%) were defined as major B-scan defects by Doppler spectra with focal increases in peak systolic velocity greater than or equal to 2.0 meters/sec (major defect, mean renal artery peak systolic velocity, 3.1 m/sec), which prompted immediate operative revision.
 Seven B-scan defects were defined as minor by Doppler spectra (minor defect, mean renal artery, peak systolic velocity, 0.7 m/sec) and were not revised.
 Postoperative evaluation (range, 1 to 22 months; mean follow-up, 12.4 months) of 55 renal artery repairs in 34 operative survivors (surface renal duplex sonography, 33 patients; renal angiography, 9 patients) demonstrated 42/43 renal artery repairs with normal intraoperative renal duplex sonography, and 6/6 repairs with minor B-scan defects were patent and free of critical stenosis.
 Of the 6 renal artery revisions prompted by major B-scan defects, 4 remained patent, 1 stenosed, and 1 occluded.
 Our experience suggests that intraoperative renal duplex sonography during renal artery repair provides valuable anatomic and physiologic information.
 Renal artery repairs with normal renal duplex sonography and minor B-scan defects without Doppler spectral changes demonstrated 98% patency without critical stenosis at 12.4 months of mean follow-up.
 However, major B-scan defects defined by a focal increase in renal artery peak systolic velocity should be considered for immediate correction.
