Alveolar macrophage activation in experimental legionellosis.
 Legionella pneumophila is a facultative intracellular parasite of alveolar macrophages.
 In vitro studies have shown that lymphokine-activated mononuclear phagocytes inhibit intracellular replication of L.
 pneumophila.
 To determine if recovery from legionellosis is associated with activation of alveolar macrophages in vivo to resist L.
 pneumophila, we studied an animal model of Legionnaires' disease.
 Rats were exposed to aerosolized L.
 pneumophila and alveolar macrophages were harvested during the recovery phase of infection.
 We compared these alveolar exudate macrophages with normal resident alveolar macrophages for the capacity to support or inhibit the intracellular growth of L.
 pneumophila.
 We also measured Ia expression as a marker of immunologic activation, and studied binding of bacteria, superoxide release, and the expression of transferrin receptors as potential mechanisms of resistance to L.
 pneumophila.
 For perspective on the specificity of these responses, we also studied alveolar exudate cells elicited by inhalation of heat-killed L.
 pneumophila, live Listeria monocytogenes, and live Escherichia coli.
 We found that alveolar exudate macrophages elicited by live L.
 pneumophila, but not heat-killed L.
 pneumophila, resisted the intracellular growth of L.
 pneumophila.
 Exudate macrophages in resolving legionellosis exhibited increased Ia expression, diminished superoxide production, and downregulation of transferrin receptors.
 Binding of L.
 pneumophila to exudate macrophages was indistinguishable from that to resident macrophages in the presence of normal serum, and augmented in the presence of immune serum.
 Alveolar exudate macrophages elicited by E.
 coli also inhibited growth of L.
 pneumophila, and exhibited a modest increase in Ia expression without change in transferrin receptors.
 Exudate cells induced by L.
 monocytogenes exhibited up-regulation of Ia without diminution of superoxide release.
 Alveolar cells harvested after inhalation of heat-killed L.
 pneumophila did not differ from resident alveolar macrophages in the expression of surface markers.
 These findings suggest that alveolar macrophages are immunologically activated in vivo to serve as effector cells in resolving legionellosis, and that live bacteria are required to induce this expression of immunity.
 The mechanism of resistance to parasitism by L.
 pneumophila may entail restriction of the intracellular availability of iron, but does not involve diminished bacterial binding or an augmented respiratory burst.
