the semis are here which cricketer will win your vote final four time last time i only got answers come on guys there are more cricket fans out there here are the winners of the quarter finals brian lara ricky ponting sachin tendulkar mutiah muralitharan now it's getting exciting these pairings will be big clashes semi mutiah muralitarhan vs brian lara these two have had many great duels in the past mutiah won some and lara won some now let's see who wins your vote semi sachin tendulkar vs ricky ponting massive clash these two names are the standouts for their respective teams but who will win your vote we have of the biggest names in modern cricket but who will win this vote off you decide the final awaits semi lara by far semi ponting with a close shave over tendu Sachin Tendulkar World Cricket Tsunami Appeal 2003 Cricket World Cup Border-Gavaskar Trophy ICC Super Series 2005 2005 English cricket season Indian cricket team International cricket in 2005 Timeline of cricket ICC Awards Glenn McGrath 2005 Ashes series 1996 Cricket World Cup Australian cricket team Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Sheffield United F.C. Brian Lara Inzamam-ul-Haq Ricky Ponting One-day International Run (cricket) Wisden Cricketers of the Year Steve Waugh West Indian cricket team Alex Ferguson The Ashes Playoff Test cricket Saurav Ganguly December 2004 in sports March 2005 in India West Indian cricket team in Sri Lanka in 2005 Batsman Aston Villa F.C. Clash of Champions Bobby Charlton Lala Amarnath Australian national cricket captains Big Brother (USA TV series) Waqar Younis 2000s Donald Bradman Adam Gilchrist Saeed Anwar Dulwich Hamlet F.C. The Contender (television series) Notts County F.C. Bangladeshi cricket team in Sri Lanka in 2005-06 Troms__ I.L. Brian Close English cricket team in Australia in 2002-03 Hendrick Motorsports Forfar Athletic F.C. Shane Warne Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Ricky Steamboat Canberra Raiders Stone Cold Steve Austin Types of bowlers in cricket Steve Nash Crystal Palace F.C. One-day cricket Perth Glory Geoff Hurst Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Ravi Shastri Gordon Banks Jack Charlton Leicester City F.C. Fielding (cricket) WACA Ground Amateur and professional cricketers West Bromwich Albion F.C. 2005 Scott Tournament of Hearts Leeds United F.C. Melbourne Cricket Ground Somerset County Cricket Club Portsmouth F.C. Big Brother UK series 6 Ricky Morton Survivor (TV series) St. George Dragons Brian Little (footballer) Nottingham Forest F.C. Eurovision Song Contest 2005 Eurovision Song Contest 2006 Bryan Robson Pete Sampras New England Patriots Newcastle United F.C. American Idol 2000 Summer Olympics Michael Vaughan History of Test cricket (to 1883) NBA Finals Carolina Panthers 