can you help out a stupid american as an american who grew up playing football soccer here i still love the sport unfortunately it's difficult to follow the goings on of the epl or any other international play for that matter i think if i had one team that i decided to root for then i would be able to follow what was going on more closely but i don't know which squad to root for i sometimes find myself rooting for chelsea mostly because joe cole has brilliant ball skills but i think that might be like rooting for one of the clear favorites jumping on the bandwagon in america i also appreciate excellent defense particularly from central defenders as that's my background in the sport if there are good dutch players on a squad that helps too i like newcastle but mostly because i like the ale i've also thought about tottenham because i like the jersey i'm lost who should be my squad i understand how you feel i was in the same position a few years ago when i found out what the epl was i decided to look for my fav player in the english team i decided that john terry was definitely the best defender and i found him absolutely fantastic so i decided to follow chelsea i continued watching and supporting chelsea and i decided that was really the best team hell with manchester so you can go for chelsea Chelsea F.C. Newcastle United F.C. England national football team Alex Ferguson 2004-05 in English football Football (soccer) FA Premier League Frank Lampard Leeds United F.C. Rugby union positions Gordon Banks Troms__ I.L. The Football League West Ham United F.C. Jack Charlton FA Premier League 1994-95 Everton F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Football in the United Kingdom Claude Mak__l__l__ Dennis Bergkamp Volleyball Aston Villa F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Norway national football team February 2005 in sports Claudio Ranieri 2003-04 in English football R.S.C. Anderlecht Arsenal F.C. Sport Football records in England FA Premier League 2004-05 Blackburn Rovers F.C. 2005-06 in English football Cheerleading Manchester United F.C. Bryan Robson Manchester United 1986-1999 Teddy Sheringham Water polo Portsmouth F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Joe Cole (footballer) FA Premier League 1995-96 American football Kevin Keegan English cricket team Steve Nash Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Major League Soccer Basketball FIFA Series Rugby union Canadian football Football World Cup Queens Park Rangers F.C. Graeme Souness Terry McDermott Norman Hunter National Football League Alan Shearer Rangers F.C. Ian Wright Jos__ Mourinho Hurling Ice hockey Toronto Argonauts Carolina Panthers David Vernon Watson Kasparov versus The World England national rugby union team Super Bowl David Beckham Football culture Cleveland Browns Football Rugby league John Terry Brian Close Ipswich Town F.C. 2001-02 in English football Batting (cricket) Cincinnati Bengals August 2005 in sports Crystal Palace F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. American Football League Table tennis Cork City F.C. 