i need an english premiership league team i am an australian who has just become interested in football we get extensive epl football here but i need to support a team one side of my family is origionally from cornwell the other from devon i am lead to believe there is no epl team near there who should i support are any teams close help i have less than hours go here for your table http news bbc co uk sport hi default stm your nearest team to devon cornwall in the prem is portsmouth FA Premier League Devon May 2005 in sports Portsmouth F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Southampton F.C. Manchester United F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Rugby union Essendon Football Club Australian rules football 2004-05 in English football Cornwall David Beckham HyperText Transfer Protocol Salary cap FA Premier League 2001-02 Australian Football League Chelsea F.C. Alex Ferguson FA Premier League 2004-05 The Football League Arsenal F.C. National Rugby League Canterbury Bulldogs Guinness Premiership UEFA Champions League Victorian Football League South Australian National Football League Nottingham Forest F.C. American football Collingwood Football Club FA Premier League 2002-03 Harry Redknapp West Ham United F.C. Western Australian Football League Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Aston Villa F.C. Wigan Athletic F.C. FA Cup Port Adelaide Football Club August 2005 in sports Playoff 2005-06 in English football Football May 2005 in Britain and Ireland Newcastle United F.C. Perth Glory Super League (Australia) Hawthorn Football Club Fulham F.C. Kenny Dalglish Tranmere Rovers F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Sydney Swans Kangaroos Football Club Wimbledon F.C. Melbourne Football Club Torquay United F.C. Leeds United F.C. Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United FC Barcelona Bundesliga (football) Football in England Bath Frank Lampard Queensland Rugby League Cornish language London Derby County F.C. Sport in the United Kingdom Teddy Sheringham The Ashes Sport Sydney Leicester City F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. November 2004 in sports Boscastle Richmond Football Club Football chant Plymouth Women's football (soccer) Sky Sports Adelaide Crows Queens Park Rangers F.C. Ray Harford Scotland Gaelic football FA Premier League 1992-93 2005 English cricket season Football (soccer) Rugby football Canadian football St. George Dragons Sunderland A.F.C. FA Premier League 1995-96 Rugby league Ipswich Town F.C. 