are they going to increase the capacity of the emirates stadium it sure looks like they could with the gaps on the curves will liverpools stadium be better and when are chelsea moving chelsea stadium plans nt yet reveal but once released it should take ard yrs lfc in emirates stadium wil nt b increasing capacity so soon Arsenal F.C. Emirates Stadium Giants Stadium Everton F.C. Stamford Bridge Wembley Stadium Chelsea F.C. Liverpool F.C. 2004-05 in English football Polo Grounds Heysel Stadium disaster Kenny Dalglish Anfield 2005-06 in English football Mile High Stadium Croke Park England national football team FA Premier League 2005-06 Millennium Stadium Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Ajax Amsterdam Ibrox Stadium West Ham United F.C. Olympic Stadium, Berlin Stadium Varsity Stadium Hillsborough disaster FA Cup Ars__ne Wenger Alex Ferguson April 2005 in sports Emirates FA Premier League London Manchester City F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Reliant Astrodome Fenway Park Wrigley Field UEFA Champions League Jos__ Mourinho Tiger Stadium Football in the United Kingdom May 2005 in sports Beaver Stadium Hern__n Crespo Stadium of Light Supply and demand League Cup Economy of the United Arab Emirates City of Manchester Stadium Airbus A380 Blackburn Rovers F.C. Stadio Giuseppe Meazza Veterans Stadium Asian Cup 2004 Portsmouth F.C. Jade Stadium Merseyrail Marcel Desailly Torquay United F.C. Personal rapid transit Santa Cruz Futebol Clube Boeing The Football League May 2005 in Britain and Ireland Football chant Rogers Centre Arsenal Stadium Boeing 777 Coventry City F.C. TGV Hillsborough (stadium) History of Arsenal F.C. FC Barcelona Houlihan's Stadium Metropolitan Stadium Swindon Town F.C. Xabi Alonso Sport in the United Kingdom Crystal Palace F.C. Liverpool Football culture Autoroute (Quebec) Shea Stadium Birmingham City F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. August 2005 in Britain and Ireland French Open Acute respiratory distress syndrome University of Michigan June 2005 in Britain and Ireland Qualcomm Stadium FA Premier League 1999-00 London 2012 Olympic bid Newlands Stadium Major League Soccer Clemson University Yankee Stadium October 2004 in sports 