who do you think is better andriy shevchenko pavel nedved or thierry henry i like shevchenko because he's a team player but i'd like other people's opinions take away shevchenko's rather inauspicious season at chelsea and his record is par excellence he scored goals galore in serie a in the cl in internationals and for dynamo kiev he didn't become european footballer of the year for nothing nedved was the bedrock of the czech team and an inspirational player for juventus henry had the best success internationally although his general performances for france was muted mainly because of one zinedine zidane but he ranks as one the better players to grace the english game and an arsenal legend in his own right all are great players it boils down to choice i would pick shevchenko for his ability to score with either foot and with his head Andriy Shevchenko European Footballer of the Year Zin__dine Zidane Pavel Nedv__d FIFA World Player of the Year FC Rostov Juventus F.C. FC Dynamo Kyiv Thierry Henry FIFA Series Chelsea F.C. Patrick Vieira Striker FIFA 100 Dennis Bergkamp Ukraine national football team UEFA Champions League Steve McManaman FA Cup Arsenal F.C. 2004 European Football Championship Michael Owen History of Arsenal F.C. Frank Lampard FA Premier League Newcastle United F.C. England national football team Deco Ra__l Gonz__lez Football World Cup Midfielder Football (soccer) positions R.S.C. Anderlecht Football (soccer) Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Gianluca Vialli Arsenal F.C. statistics Kak__ August 2005 in sports Rugby union Ian Wright France national football team Robert Pir__s Bryan Robson September 2004 in sports FA Premier League 2003-04 Alan Shearer Jack Charlton Manchester United F.C. Geoff Hurst John Aldridge 2004-05 in English football Tampa Bay Lightning Ars__ne Wenger The Football League Norman Hunter Wayne Gretzky Gianfranco Zola Leeds United F.C. Bundesliga (football) David Beckham 2005-06 in English football Futebol Clube do Porto Kenny Dalglish David Cooper (footballer) Brian Close Teddy Sheringham Overtime (ice hockey) Primera Divisi__n Argentina Alan Hansen 2000 European Football Championship FA Premier League 2001-02 Pittsburgh Steelers Paul Scholes Manchester United 1986-1999 Denis Law Crystal Palace F.C. David Rocastle Germany national football team Yao Ming Viv Anderson Essendon Football Club Celtic F.C. Detroit Red Wings Kansas City Chiefs Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Football World Cup 2006 (qualification UEFA) Billy Bremner Brazil national football team Minnesota Vikings AC Sparta Praha Nottingham Forest F.C. Dallas Cowboys 