north americans which foreign clubs do you support and how did you come to do so i've been a blackburn rovers fan for years now ever since they signed the great brad friedel and i follow hannover in the bundesliga because my man steve cherundolo hangs there hannover never seem to be any good but i have high hopes for rovers this season anyway i came by my teams by following my favorite american players over there how did you find yours thanks i have always supported southampton fc because my grand father was from there and supported the club since then i have moved to europe only began supporting my local team the royal standard of liege after they signed oguchi onyewu i know that onyewu will not always be a part of the team but they have won me over as a whole go see a game in sclessin some day and you'll know what i mean Blackburn Rovers F.C. Bundesliga (football) United States men's national soccer team The Football League Liverpool F.C. Alex Ferguson Brad Friedel FA Cup FA Premier League Tranmere Rovers F.C. Kasey Keller FA Premier League 1992-93 Bristol Rovers F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Norway national football team Jim Smith (footballer) Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. F.C. United of Manchester Leicester City F.C. FA Premier League 1994-95 Tottenham Hotspur F.C. 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Clemson University Michael Owen Troms__ I.L. Notts County F.C. Alan Shearer FA Premier League 2001-02 Ray Harford Rangers F.C. Steve Coppell National Football League Graeme Souness FA Premier League 2004-05 Torquay United F.C. Kenny Dalglish Mark Hughes Maccabi Haifa F.C. Raith Rovers F.C. FA Premier League 1993-94 Portsmouth F.C. Kevin Keegan Carolina Panthers Southampton F.C. Cork City F.C. Frank Lampard Essendon Football Club Leeds United F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. New York Giants Football records in England Cleveland Indians Paul Ince FA Premier League 1995-96 Toronto Blue Jays Chicago Bulls History of Arsenal F.C. Major League Soccer Wimbledon F.C. Everton F.C. University College Dublin F.C. Shamrock Rovers F.C. Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Blackburn Hawks West Ham United F.C. Houston Astros Oakland Athletics Queens Park Rangers F.C. Dundee United F.C. Los Angeles Clippers Middlesbrough F.C. International League San Francisco Giants Canterbury Bulldogs Major League Baseball Mick Channon Clint Mathis New York Rangers American football September 2004 in sports Cincinnati Reds Norwich City F.C. Brian Little (footballer) Aston Villa F.C. Manchester United 1986-1999 2005-06 in Scottish football Bristol City F.C. American Football League Crystal Palace F.C. Steve Nash Gianluca Vialli Plymouth Argyle F.C. April 2005 in sports Boston Bruins February 2005 in sports Montr__al Expos College soccer 