when will tevez be official man u player like will i be able se his profile and data on man utd com when is he official dude tevez will be a utd player soon i guess his paperworks are still being sorted out should be out any time this week and man utd's website will be updated soon Manchester United F.C. University of Texas at Dallas David Beckham Dundee United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Pyramid (game show) Soccer AM Ian Porterfield Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United Wheel of Fortune Dude Argentina national football team Leeds United F.C. Football Manager Alex Ferguson Deal or No Deal Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Binary search Bj__rn Borg Championship Manager I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Roger Federer Optimization (computer science) CPU cache Scrabble (game show) Walt Disney World College Program Password (game) Card Sharks Jeopardy! Chain Reaction (game show) Luton Town F.C. Nick Faldo John McEnroe Doom II Dude, Where's My Ranch? Bad Dudes West Ham United F.C. Inform Wigan Athletic F.C. Cristiano Ronaldo Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Search engine optimization Winning Streak Chelsea F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Furcadia The Big Lebowski 2004-05 in English football The Guess Who Ninja Gaiden 808 State Douglas Adams Password Metro Transit (King County) Pete Sampras Quantum computer Secret sharing Extensive form game Billboard Hot 100 Cartman Joins NAMBLA Skat Warren County, Ohio Game Jimmy Connors FA Premier League 2005-06 Cassidy O'Reilly Lineage II Stockport County F.C. Ashton Kutcher Body Language (game show) Duncan Ferguson Tic-Tac-Dough Pictionary Sorting algorithm IA-64 Web crawler Bayesian game Hash table 2002-03 in English football Password cracking Chris Evert Now You See It Hangman Cranium (board game) 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Gary Payton (basketball) Indianapolis Colts Association of Tennis Professionals Family Feud Nick Price PGA European Tour MiniDisc Metaphysics WebObjects Haunted Apiary GunBound Doomtown Bluetooth Daikatana 