what will happen to charles itandje when scott carson returns from loan charles itandje signed a year deal wat will happen to him after carson comes back why didnt he just sign a one year deal or two to atleast get a transfer fee rafa benitez has already told aston villa that they can purchase carson at the end of the loan for million pounds if he does well who knows he might be sold maybe he will leave during the winter break so we can buy queresma wishfull thinking anyway reina is a monster why do we need carson to sit on the bench he needs first team action as far as itanjie i think he will do a fine job as back up Aston Villa F.C. Leeds United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Alex Ferguson Portsmouth F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. 2005-06 in English football Valencia CF Johnny Carson Chelsea F.C. Manchester United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Citigroup Teddy Sheringham The Football League Dion Dublin Mortgage Denis Law David Beckham Ocean's Twelve The Shining (film) Watford F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Bank Graeme Souness The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson Carson Beckett Babe Ruth New England Patriots Oakland Athletics Nottingham Forest F.C. Birmingham City F.C. Neopets Avenue Q Florida Marlins Milan Baro__ West Indian cricket team West Bromwich Albion F.C. Stock Peter Crouch Hastings United FC Cleveland Browns Charles Ponzi Pound sterling Manchester United 1986-1999 Louis Sullivan Bryan Robson Short selling FA Premier League 1992-93 Frank Lampard Claudio Ranieri Crystal Palace F.C. Home Rule Act 1914 Moe Berg Confidence trick Marshall Plan Los Angeles Kings 2003-04 in English football Evel Knievel Charles O. Finley Steve McManaman Tris Speaker New York Giants Steve Staunton Universal Studios Paul Ince Donald Trump Emerson College Michael Owen Insurance Rangers F.C. Brian Little (footballer) Deflation (economics) Pittsburgh Steelers Paul Merson Michael Milken Predatory lending F.C. United of Manchester Real Madrid Luke and Laura Spencer Steve Hodge Torquay United F.C. Steve Jobs Aston Martin Herbert Hoover Wal-Mart Dwight Yorke Money supply EastEnders Islamic banking Clear Channel Communications Everton F.C. SCO-Linux controversies Mergers and acquisitions Appeal James Milner (footballer) MMORPG Wilfred Benitez ITunes Music Store Boston Red Sox 