Different patterns of gene expression in ras-resistant and ras-sensitive cells.
 We have shown previously that nontumorigenic NIH 3T3 cells can be made tumorigenic and metastatic by transfection and expression of activated ras, whereas in LTA cells, which are tumorigenic but nonmetastatic, the degree of malignancy is not altered by ras.
 To investigate possible mechanisms of natural ras resistance, we compared the expression patterns of several genes thought to be involved in ras-induced metastatic progression in LTA (ras-resistant) and NIH 3T3 (ras-sensitive) cells, before and after constitutive expression of transfected T24-H-ras.
 We examined the expression of the nuclear "early-response" genes jun and fos and the "tumor-suppressor" retinoblastoma (Rb) gene, as well as genes involved in invasion (major excreted protein [MEP], tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases [TIMP]), and cell adhesion (secreted phosphoprotein 1 [SPP1; also known as osteopontin]).
 We found distinct differences in both the basal and ras-induced levels of expression of most of these genes in LTA versus NIH 3T3 cells.
 High levels of MEP and low levels of TIMP were induced in ras-transfected NIH 3T3 cells, whereas LTA cells showed intermediate levels of MEP and high levels of TIMP that were only marginally affected by the expression of transfected ras.
 Similarly, SPP1 expression was strongly induced by ras in NIH 3T3 cells but was repressed by ras in LTA cells.
 Enzymogram assays for functional gelatinase activity showed an increase in 67-kd and 62-kd bands in NIH 3T3 cells in the presence of ras.
 LTA cells showed no gelatinolytic activity in the presence or absence of ras.
 Data from an in vitro assay for chemoinvasiveness showed a pattern as predicted from the expression of invasion-related genes; chemoinvasiveness in ras-transfected NIH 3T3 was greater than in LTA and ras-transfected LTA cells, which was greater than in NIH 3T3 cells.
 Differences in expression of the genes examined are believed to contribute to the ras responsiveness of NIH 3T3 cells and the ras resistance of LTA cells.
