Laser balloon angioplasty: clinical, angiographic and histologic results.
 Laser balloon angioplasty combines conventional coronary angioplasty with laser energy to transiently heat vascular tissue.
 Laser balloon angioplasty, was performed in 21 patients (aged 56 +/- 13 years), including 10 patients treated urgently after acute failure of conventional angioplasty and 11 patients treated with elective laser balloon angioplasty.
 Immediately after conventional angioplasty, laser doses (1 to 10 doses of 205 to 380 J each) were delivered during inflation of the laser balloon to a pressure of 4 atm.
 Seven (70%) of 10 patients with acute failure of conventional angioplasty were successfully treated with laser balloon angioplasty, but 3 (30%) were unsuccessfully treated with the laser procedure and required emergency coronary artery bypass surgery.
 In all three failures, the 3 mm laser balloon angioplasty catheter was not the optimal size for the vessel.
 In the 11 patients treated with elective laser balloon angioplasty (reference diameter 2.94 +/- 0.22 mm), the minimal luminal diameter increased from 0.45 +/- 0.25 to 1.85 +/- 0.46 mm after conventional angioplasty and to 2.44 +/- 0.29 mm after laser balloon angioplasty (p less than 0.001).
 This corresponded to a decrease in diameter stenosis from 84 +/- 9% before to 35 +/- 16% after conventional angioplasty and to 15 +/- 10% after laser balloon angioplasty (p less than 0.001).
 There were no instances of myocardial infarction, emergency coronary artery bypass surgery or death and no acute complications related to delivery of laser energy in this group.
 Follow-up coronary angiography was performed 5.5 +/- 1.1 months after laser balloon angioplasty in 18 patients discharged from the hospital after a successful procedure.
 Ten patients (56%) had angiographic restenosis, defined as recurrent diameter stenosis greater than 50%.
 Six patients were subsequently treated by directional coronary atherectomy, which revealed intimal proliferation indistinguishable from that in patients with restenosis after conventional angioplasty.
 In conclusion, laser balloon angioplasty may be effective in sealing severe coronary dissections and reversing abrupt closure associated with failed conventional angioplasty.
 After uncomplicated conventional angioplasty, laser balloon angioplasty improves immediate luminal dimensions, but restenosis appears to be mediated by intimal hyperplasia, similar to that seen after conventional angioplasty.
