Intravenous heme-albumin in acute intermittent porphyria: evidence for repletion of hepatic hemoproteins and regulatory heme pools.
 The purpose of this study was to assess effects of heme administered intravenously, complexed to human serum albumin, on activities of the hepatic hemoproteins, cytochrome(s) P-450, and tryptophan pyrrolase, and on the size of the heme pool that regulates activity of 5-aminolevulinate synthase.
 Effects were compared in six normal women and four women with acute intermittent porphyria.
 All porphyric subjects over-excreted heme precursors and had histories of acute neurovisceral porphyric attacks.
 All subjects were placed on a constant daily diet that included at least 3 g carbohydrate/kg body weight and sufficient total intake to provide 1.4 times the estimated resting energy expenditure.
 Urinary excretions of 5-aminolevulinate, porphobilinogen, porphyrins, and metabolites of tryptophan were measured daily before, during, and after infusions of heme-albumin.
 In the porphyric subjects, intravenous heme [4 mg (6.1 mumol)/kg body weight (BWt) with equimolar albumin], given daily for 4 days, markedly reduced overexcretion of 5-aminolevulinate, porphobilinogen, and porphyrins, indicating repletion of the regulatory heme pool.
 The heme infusions also decreased mean urinary excretion of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid from 4.9 to 2.9 mg/g creatinine per day, suggesting increased activity of hepatic tryptophan pyrrolase, the rate-controlling enzyme for metabolism of tryptophan to products not in the serotonin-5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid pathway.
 Heme-albumin infusions were without detectable effects on excretions of heme precursors or tryptophan metabolites in normal subjects.
 In contrast, in both normals and porphyrics, heme-albumin infusions significantly increased rates of antipyrine metabolism (by 159% and 330%, respectively), suggesting increased activities of cytochrome(s) P-450 were produced by the infusions.
 The infusions were well tolerated; no subject developed thrombophlebitis or bleeding.
 We conclude that such infusions are safe and effective in repleting deficient heme pools and hemoproteins in patients with acute porphyria, and that activities of cytochrome(s) P-450 in normal subjects may also be increased by heme administration.
 The therapeutic effect of heme in acute porphyria probably relates to its ability to decrease overproduction of precursors of heme or serotonin, as the result of its increasing critical cellular heme pools.
