The Washington University-Barnes Hospital experience with lung transplantation. Washington University Lung Transplantation Group 
 OBJECTIVE.--To review our experience with lung transplantation, emphasizing recipient selection, choice of procedure, functional results, and outcome.
 DESIGN.--Retrospective review of patients who received lung transplants at Barnes Hospital, St Louis, Mo, between July 1, 1988, and January 31, 1991.
 SETTING.--Washington University School of Medicine, St Louis, Mo, and Barnes Hospital, a medical school and its affiliated referral hospital, respectively.
 PATIENTS.--Sixty-nine lung transplant procedures were performed in 66 recipients.
 Patients with clinically and physiologically severe lung disease were selected according to predetermined guidelines.
 Underlying diseases in the recipients included chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency emphysema, cystic fibrosis, pulmonary fibrosis, primary pulmonary hypertension, Eisenmenger's syndrome associated with an atrial septal defect, bronchiectasis, eosinophilic granuloma, and lymphangiomyomatosis.
 INTERVENTION.--Double-lung, bilateral sequential, and single-lung transplantations were performed.
 Eight patients underwent en bloc double-lung transplantations or a modification of this procedure with separate bronchial anastomoses.
 Thereafter, the bilateral sequential approach to replacement of both lungs was performed in 26 patients.
 Thirty-two patients underwent single-lung transplantations.
 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES.--Pulmonary function tests, arterial blood gas levels, pulmonary artery pressure, pulmonary vascular resistance, and actuarial survival.
 RESULTS.--Actuarial survival at 1 year for the 66 lung transplant recipients was 79%.
 Actuarial survival at 1 year was 82% for the bilateral lung transplant recipients and was 90% for the single-lung transplant recipients.
 In patients with either restrictive or obstructive lung disease, pulmonary function tests and arterial blood gas levels improved markedly after lung transplantation.
 In patients with primary pulmonary hypertension or Eisenmenger's syndrome, the pulmonary artery pressure decreased and the cardiac index increased into the normal range after single-lung transplantation.
 CONCLUSIONS.--In carefully selected patients with end-stage lung disease, single-lung and bilateral lung transplantations can significantly improve functional capacity, with promising early actuarial survival statistics after 1 year.
