Relation between flow grade after thrombolytic therapy and the effect of angioplasty on left ventricular function: a prospective randomized trial.
 Recent intervention trials during myocardial infarction demonstrated no benefit from emergency angioplasty after thrombolytic therapy when compared with either delayed percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) or a conservative strategy.
 However, it is possible that subgroups of patients may benefit from early intervention with angioplasty.
 We performed a prospective randomized trial in patients with a patent infarct-related artery after thrombolytic therapy to determine whether initial flow grade is related to infarct-zone function and whether patients with ineffective reperfusion (greater than 90% stenosis or Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction [TIMI] flow less than or equal to 2) might benefit from immediate PTCA.
 Thrombolytic therapy was administered to 170 patients at a mean of 2.1 +/- 0.5 hours after onset of myocardial infarction.
 A patent infarct-related artery that was suitable for angioplasty was present in 89 patients who comprised the study group; after randomization, 47 of 50 patients with a patent infarct-related artery had successful emergency PTCA 3.8 +/- 1.5 hours after onset of symptoms, and 39 were scheduled for delayed (18 to 48-hour) PTCA.
 Reocclusion occurred before the scheduled (delayed) procedure in eight patients (20.5%), and was symptomatic in six.
 Infarct-region function (by the centerline method) measured initially, before discharge, and at 4 months was similar in both groups; improvement was significant (p less than 0.001) at discharge when compared with initial values with no further change at 4 months.
 However, patients with ineffective reperfusion had greater hypokinesia initially (p less than 0.05) compared with those with effective reperfusion (less than or equal to 90% stenosis plus TIMI flow 3).
 Moreover, independent of the timing of PTCA, improvement was greater before discharge in patients with ineffective reperfusion (p less than 0.05) with a trend also evident at 4 months.
 Importantly, 42 of 51 patients (82%) with a residual lumen less than 0.4 mm after thrombolysis had some improvement in function at discharge; this compared with a previous study in which patients with a similar degree of stenosis (without PTCA) had no improvement.
 Moreover, reocclusion occurred before scheduled (delayed) PTCA in 37% of patients with greater than 90% stenosis compared with only 5% in those with less than or equal to 90% stenosis (p = 0.02).
 Thus flow grade is an important determinant of myocardial function in patients with a patent artery after thrombolytic therapy and is predictive both of improvement in wall motion after PTCA and early reocclusion.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
