Genetics of common diseases of adulthood. Implications for prenatal counseling and diagnosis.
 Genetic factors play an important role in the development of many common diseases of adulthood that result in early morbidity and mortality.
 Prevention of these disorders and their sequelae is best established through early detection and early intervention.
 Although it may be feasible to screen the entire population for some disorders (e.g., hypertension), this approach would be expensive and impractical for others (e.g., colon cancer).
 The family history provides an inexpensive and convenient method of identifying families at risk for premature diseases of adulthood.
 Family screening for a disorder should be recommended if there is increased risk for the disorder among family members, if screening methods are available to detect the condition at an early age or preclinical stage, and if early intervention will alter the course of the disease.
 For many disorders screening and intervention can prevent the occurrence of clinical disease.
 The prenatal counseling session affords an ideal setting for identifying families at risk for diseases of adulthood with major genetic components.
 By reviewing the family history, key family members can be identified and investigated, in order to establish a specific genetic diagnosis.
 At-risk relatives can then be counseled and screened for the disorder preclinically and premorbidly.
 The screening and intervention available for a disease depends on the nature of the disorder, our understanding of its physiology and etiology, and our current technology.
 The disorders discussed earlier are typical of conditions of adulthood that are influenced strongly by genetic factors, especially when they appear in younger adults.
 Atherosclerosis, colon cancer, and diabetes are complex phenotypes.
 Each can be caused by single-gene defects, but commonly the genetics are more complex.
 Empiric data help to establish the risk to an individual in the latter cases.
 In all three examples, early detection should lead to treatment, which can prevent more serious sequelae: by treating the dyslipidemia, coronary artery disease can be prevented; by removing the benign polyp, malignant cancer can be avoided; and when impaired glucose tolerance is detected, diet and exercise can prevent or delay frank diabetes and its complications.
 The complete evaluation of individuals at risk for disorders such as those in Table 1 and their families can be a complicated task.
 Referral to a center experienced in the genetics of common diseases often may be necessary.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
