Importance of experimental models for the development of clinical trials on thromboatherosclerosis.
 Experimental models of vascular injury have enhanced our understanding of the pathophysiological process leading to vascular obstruction in both spontaneous and accelerated atherosclerosis.
 Based on experimental findings, we present and discuss a pathological classification of vascular injury or damage and its role in the pathogenesis of various vascular diseases.
 In addition, these animal models have provided insights into the roles of platelets and lipid metabolism in the evolution and progression of atherosclerosis and have suggested potential therapeutic applications.
 Thus, based on studies in the pig models, antiplatelet agents have been shown for the first time to have a beneficial effect in preventing the formation and progression of coronary atherosclerotic lesions in humans.
 Similarly, our findings in high density lipoprotein plasma fractions regarding inhibition and even reversal of the process of atherosclerosis in a hypercholesterolemic rabbit model have added new insights to an explosive field of lipoprotein research and provided new avenues of therapeutic strategies.
 our in vivo and ex vivo pig models of an extracorporeal perfusion chamber mimicking the various coronary conditions have aided in the understanding of the pathophysiology of the acute coronary syndromes and intensified our search for the ideal antithrombotic regimen in these high-risk patients.
 Finally, a carotid pig model of balloon angioplasty, a dog model of saphenous vein grafting, and a pig model of heart transplantation not only have provided insights into the pathophysiological process of accelerated atherosclerosis but also are allowing development of new antithrombotic and antiproliferative approaches for the prevention of these accelerated vascular diseases.
 In summary, we are entering an exciting era in vascular research.
 Significant advances in our understanding of vascular injury or damage as well as the interactions of blood cells and lipids with the vascular wall have allowed us to formulate new experimental strategies with subsequent clinical application in the prevention and progression of these vascular diseases.
