Evaluation of three oral dosages of ondansetron in the prevention of nausea and emesis associated with cyclophosphamide-doxorubicin chemotherapy.
 We assessed the antiemetic efficacy and safety of three different oral doses of ondansetron (GR 38032F), a novel serotonin type-3 receptor antagonist, in three consecutive series of 20 breast cancer patients receiving cyclophosphamide-doxorubicin-based chemotherapy for the first time.
 Patients received oral doses of 8 mg, 4 mg, or 1 mg of ondansetron three times daily for 2 days, with the first dose given 30 minutes before the cyclophosphamide infusion.
 We then evaluated the efficacy of a conventional antiemetic regimen of intravenous lorazepam, metoclopramide, and diphenhydramine given before chemotherapy and 10 mg prochlorperazine given orally twice on study day 1 and three times on study day 2 in a fourth series of 20 patients with comparable characteristics.
 The number of emetic episodes, assessment of nausea and appetite, and adverse events were recorded throughout the 2-day study period.
 Pretreatment and posttreatment clinical laboratory data were also collected.
 No emesis was observed during the 2-day study period in 17 (85%), 13 (65%), and 11 (55%) patients treated with 8-mg, 4-mg, and 1-mg ondansetron doses, respectively, and in seven (35%) patients who received conventional therapy.
 The incidence and intensity of nausea were lower with increasing doses of ondansetron and were lower than in the conventional group.
 Ondansetron-related side effects were generally mild and reversible and did not appear to increase in a dose-dependent manner.
 These effects included headache, stomach cramps, diarrhea, fatigue, and elevated serum transaminase concentrations.
 One patient who received three 1 mg doses of ondansetron experienced tremors and muscle twitching.
 Oral ondansetron is an effective and safe antiemetic for patients receiving noncisplatin cyclophosphamide-doxorubicin-based chemotherapy, and its antiemetic activity appears to be dose-related.
