Morphologic features and nuclide composition of infarction-associated cardiac myocyte mineralization in humans.
 Low dietary Mg results in Ca loading of cardiac myocytes, which increases the likelihood of myocyte calcification in the event of acute myocardial infarction (AMI), and possibly increases myocyte vulnerability to necrosis.
 Bloom and Peric-Golia1 previously reported an autopsy study of cases from the Washington, D.C.
 area (a region with low levels of Mg in the drinking water), demonstrating AMI-associated mineralization in myocytes with histologically normal nuclei and cross striations, as well as in obviously necrotic myocytes.
 The authors have re-examined mineralized myocytes from the same autopsy material, using electron probe microanalysis, light microscopy, and transmission electron microscopy.
 Microprobe analysis identified Ca and P as the nuclides composing the inorganic phase of the mineral deposits.
 Ultrastructurally, all Ca deposits, regardless of size or intracellular location, were composed of aggregates of needlelike hydroxyapatite crystals.
 The mildest form of intracellular Ca deposition was observed as small Ca deposits limited to some mitochondria of myocytes, which demonstrated intact nuclei and regular sarcomere pattern.
 More advanced stages of intracellular calcification, in the form of Ca deposits associated with mitochondria, Z-band regions and nuclei, were observed in other myocytes that also retained intact nuclei and sarcomeres.
 Massive Ca deposits were associated with myocytes which showed morphologic features of advanced necrosis, including loss of nuclei, disruption of sarcomere structure and masses of cellular debris.
 These observations support the theory originally proposed by Bloom and Peric-Golia1 suggesting that Ca loading of myocytes, possibly related to Mg deficiency in humans, increased vulnerability of the myocytes to subsequent AMI-associated necrosis and dystrophic calcification.
 In addition, the light microscopic impression of calcification of otherwise normal myocytes is contradicted by the electron microscopic identification of hydroxyapatite crystals free in the sarcoplasm, a condition unlikely to be compatible with viability.
 Lastly, the fact that all Ca deposits were in the form of hydroxyapatite supports the view that they were formed in a Mg-poor environment, which favors conversion of the more common amorphous form of Ca phosphate into the needlelike crystals of hydroxyapatite.
