morgan dollar what you would grade this coin the contact marks on the front of the coin cannot be seen just by looking at the coin unless your closeup as in the scan this coin still has a good bit of mint shine present i have read that o is a semi key date is this true http www freewebs com mirrorcoin morgan dollar obverse jpg http www freewebs com mirrorcoin morgan dollar reverse jpg the coin actually looks much better than the scan makes it appear going by the ana grading guide it grades au the feathers on the eagle breast are almost gone which makes it a low au or xf the obverse is an au or au there is wear in the hair with a mintage of it is not a semi key date it is worth some buck in grades ms and in ms new orleans mint dollars at least most dates have strikes that are not so good prices are what a dealer would pay your coin in au i found out one thing scans and photo's make coin look better most of the time than they are there are exception though due to the holder they are in maybe dirty or scratched Morgan Dollar Nickel (U.S. coin) United States Mint Canadian dollar New Orleans Mint Sacagawea Dollar United States dollar Coin collecting Kennedy half dollar Coin New Zealand dollar Mexican peso American Gold Eagle Roman currency Pataca British coin Guinea Dime (U.S. coin) British coinage Farthing (coin) Seated Liberty Dollar Eisenhower Dollar Australian dollar History of the halfpenny Royal Canadian Mint Double Eagle (U.S. coin) History of the English penny (1154-1485) British Fifty Pence coin U.S. one hundred-dollar bill In God We Trust Obverse and reverse Coinage of the Republic of Ireland U.S. ten-dollar bill U.S. five-dollar bill Romanian leu Numismatics U.S. two-dollar bill Penny (U.S. coin) Euro Yen History of the English penny (1485-1603) Gold sovereign British Two Pound coin History of the British penny (1714-1901) British coin Florin Gold standard U.S. fifty-dollar bill Hong Kong dollar Gresham's law History of the British penny (1901-1970) Money English coin Noble Hyperinflation 1933 Double Eagle 1804 silver dollar Deutsche Mark Euro coins History of the British penny (1603-1714) Order of the British Empire Rufiyaa Serbian dinar Pound sterling Coin die State Quarters Maues Colours, standards and guidons Bank of England Drill bit Philippine peso Toonie Mint (coin) Octopus card Bulk vending British Five Pound coin Byzantine coinage Gmail British One Pound coin Gold as an investment Markka Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Die making British Twenty-Five Pence coin U.S. one dollar bill Mahjong Ruble Krugerrand Counterfeit Ra (board game) United States coinage Dollar Silver Certificate Planchet United States commemorative coin Ancient Greek coinage Greco-Buddhist art Jamaican dollar Federal Standard 1037C 