Physicians' perception of personal risk of HIV infection and AIDS through occupational exposure.
 Physicians' response to acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) is poorly understood and often attributed to fear of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection through occupational exposure.
 We surveyed 268 physicians from three geographic regions in North American with different specialties and responsibilities for HIV-positive patients.
 An important difference was found between the published risk and the physicians' perceived risk of infection after a single occupational exposure.
 Almost half of the respondents stated that they feared contracting AIDS more than other diseases.
 The physicians who perceived themselves to be at high physical risk were more likely than the others to report that AIDS had changed the way they interact with their patients (r = 0.26, p less than 0.001).
 No relation was found between the perception of physical risk and the number of HIV-infected patients (r = -0.07, p = 0.15).
 However, the perception of social risk showed a small inverse correlation (r = -0.15, p less than 0.02), in which the physicians with more HIV-infected patients reported less concern about negative social consequences.
 The physicians who perceived themselves to be at high personal risk were more likely than the others to report that surgeons have the right to refuse patients who do not wish to undergo HIV antibody testing (r = -0.16, p less than 0.01 for physical risk; r = -0.29, p less than 0.001 for social risk).
 Multiple regression analyses indicated that physicians' perception of physical risk was not related to age or sex but was modestly related to income source.
 The perception of social risk was related to sex and income source.
 Physicians' perception of personal risk is a crucial, yet often unacknowledged, component of the fight against AIDS.
 Our findings suggest that lack of attention to this issue is seriously compromising initiatives designed to facilitate physician participation in AIDS care.
