Cementless total joint arthroplasty prostheses with titanium-alloy articular surfaces. A human retrieval analysis.
 Surgical implants of titanium alloy (Ti-6Al-4V) have been found to be susceptible to abrasive wear, resulting in the well-known phenomenon of metallosis.
 In the presence of the acrylic debris generated by loose joint arthroplasty prostheses, this abrasive wear is greatly increased.
 However, the bone loss seen in these cases has generally been presumed to be due to the osteolytic effects of particulate acrylic, not the alloy debris, which has generally been assumed to be biocompatible.
 To examine the in vivo effects of titanium-alloy wear without the added presence of acrylic debris, a comprehensive analysis was made of cementless human joint arthroplasty prostheses with Ti-6Al-4V alloy surfaces articulating on ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene (UHMWPE).
 Specimens, including the prostheses, synovium, pseudocapsule and additional soft tissues, and periarticular bone, were retrieved from 22 hips and two knees.
 Specimens were examined by histologic techniques, energy-dispersive X-ray analysis, and electron microscopy.
 Serial sections of the implants were evaluated for tissue ingrowth.
 Tissues surrounding all joints implanted more than one year showed some degree of discoloration indicative of metallosis, whereas after two years the synovium was hypertrophic and villiform.
 Histologic evaluation showed good fixation by bony ingrowth in the vast majority of cases, although location and extent of ingrowth was dependent on numerous factors.
 Viability of ingrowth bone was established by fluorochrome labeling.
 However, despite good biologic fixation, cavitary osteolysis of the bone surrounding the implants was frequently identified.
 These lesions were filled with sheets of aggressive macrophages within a matrix of fibrous tissue and necrotic debris.
 Under polarized light the macrophages were found to be filled with alloy and polyethylene fragments of a characteristic size.
 Osteoblast-mediated remodeling of bone was infrequently observed.
 Instead, the bone was resorbed along a front in contact with the granulomatous tissues filling the cystic lesions.
 Visible burnishing was observed on every articular surface, with a linear relationship between wear and time implanted.
 By one year the surfaces were covered with a characteristic "scratch and gouge" pattern, similar on all sizes of femoral heads as well as the total knee prostheses.
 This study demonstrates that the combination of Ti-6Al-4V alloy and UHMWPE, when used as a bearing surface combination in total joint arthroplasty prostheses, results in excessive wear of both metal and polymer.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
