know any interesting stanley cup stories i heard a story about a guy who played for the habs brought the cup to his home way back in the early 's he left it alone with his two sons who took a nail and stratched their names into it years later the same two boys won the cup for themselves do you know any cool stpries about the stanley cup or anything about what players have done with it i would love to hear em when the red wings won the title my employer had the cup on display at work and employees were able to have their picture taken with the cup one of the employees picked up the cup and held it over his head which we were told not to do at all when the guy did this he put the cup down and and managers removed him from the building he was fired that day also but the managers told us not for what he did with the cup i also talked to the man that was guarding the cup and the most common thing that players do with the cup is take it fishing with them he had been on over one hundred boats Stanley Cup Montreal Canadiens National Hockey League All-Star Game Los Angeles Kings Detroit Red Wings Maurice Richard New York Rangers Norway national football team Toronto Maple Leafs International League Ice hockey Wayne Gretzky FA Cup Colorado Avalanche Playoff 1987-88 NHL season Boston Bruins Qu__bec Nordiques Scotty Bowman Ryder Cup Ottawa Senators Carolina Hurricanes America's Cup Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. 1947-48 NHL season Football World Cup Davis Cup Brendan Shanahan Charlton Athletic F.C. Chicago Blackhawks 2002-03 NHL season Blackburn Rovers F.C. National Hockey League Washington Capitals Playoff format Peter Forsberg Wrexham A.F.C. Roger Federer Denis Law Newcastle United F.C. San Jose Sharks Alex Ferguson Bj__rn Borg Rugby union Portsmouth F.C. Guy Lafleur 1959-60 NHL season West Indian cricket team Sports timeline Bob Gainey Everton F.C. The Shining (film) Billy Bremner Mario Lemieux Dominik Ha__ek Troms__ I.L. David Beckham Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Manchester United F.C. Newsy Lalonde Paul Ince Steve Yzerman Hamilton Tigers Doug Harvey 2003-04 NHL season Bryan Robson Jarom__r J__gr Mats N__slund Arsenal F.C. Cork City F.C. Mark Messier Breath of Fire III 1957 World Series UEFA Champions League R.S.C. Anderlecht John McEnroe IFK G__teborg Heineken Cup Philadelphia Flyers Shaggy dog story Jack Adams Vancouver Canucks Chris Osgood Chris Chelios Roush Racing Fulham F.C. Shawn Michaels Cliftonville F.C. All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship RuneScape quests Medea Raith Rovers F.C. Western Canada Hockey League NBA Finals Manchester City F.C. Calgary Flames Big band West Bromwich Albion F.C. Mike Vernon Nottingham Forest F.C. 