need true and funny quotes that came from a child i am collecting true and funny quotes straight from the mouth's of children for my book please send some funny ones that are true then give me your name and where you live so that i can add it to my book i can't pay you but you will surely see your childs quote in there thanks writing an essay is easy just write s then a juliette age new york city marta it's too late to read another story juliette i'm hungry marta it's too late to eat juliette if you read another story i won't be hungry i'm too young to get married but i'm not too young to fall in love juliette age new york city Book of Isaiah Romeo and Juliet Wuthering Heights Stranger Than Fiction: True Stories Chuck Palahniuk William S. Burroughs Publication of Darwin's theory Ramsey Campbell AFI 100 Years series Charles Dickens Robert Graves Pogo Terry Pratchett I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum Gerald Durrell Thomas M. Disch Rom__o et Juliette Frank Herbert Jennifer Lopez Juliette Binoche T. S. Eliot Adam and Eve Novel Paul Auster Crossword C. S. Lewis William Saroyan Joyce Carol Oates Children's literature Donald Barthelme Guy Davenport Fulton County, Georgia Neil Gaiman John Wesley Woody Allen Bible Ja Rule Saul Bellow Marquis de Sade Socrates America's Funniest Home Videos George Abbott Paradise Lost Cerebus the Aardvark Theodicy V (TV series) Irvine Welsh The Faerie Queene Robert Bloch Japanese poetry MARTA Cornelius Vanderbilt Juliette Gordon Low H. G. Wells Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Homer Simpson Sex and the City E. E. Cummings Jonathan Lethem Alice Liddell David Lee Roth Three Colors: Blue Historical roots of Catholic Eucharistic theology Harlan Ellison Little House on the Prairie Bill Cosby Golden Age of Comic Books British Royal Family Fixed-odds gambling The Chronicles of Narnia AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes Yukio Mishima Bat Lash Conan the Barbarian Condon Committee Symphony Ron and Fez Comanche Paul Gallico Monty Python Percy Bysshe Shelley Natural deduction Princess Charlotte, Duchess of Valentinois John Dickson Carr Marta Sahag__n James Joyce Literature David Hume Science fiction magazine Arthur Machen John Updike Arthur Cayley Robertson Davies Dean Koontz Charles Bukowski Game Maker Tolkien fandom Thomas Pynchon Orson Scott Card 