education qualification for doing aeronautical engg u can do aeronautical engineering as a b tech dourse after ur intermediate if u completed ur mca u may join in indiam air force search indian air force in google for more details Hindustan Aeronautics Indian Institute of Science Satish Dhawan University of Tennessee Space Institute Florida Institute of Technology Aerospace engineering Test pilot Argentine Air Force F-16 Fighting Falcon Search engine Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21 Air Education and Training Command Robert F. Overmyer Australian Defence Force Academy Hawker-Siddeley Hawk NASA Ames Research Center Doctorate Civil Air Patrol Engineer's degree Pakistan Air Force USS Ticonderoga (CV-14) Titan II Sidney M. Gutierrez National Aeronautics and Space Administration Susan J. Helms Richard A. Searfoss United States Air Force Academy John M. Fabian Edward Fincke Douglas Skyrocket Puerto Ricans in NASA Ellison Onizuka Georgia Institute of Technology United States Army Air Forces Master's degree City and Guilds of London Institute Bumiputra Bomb disposal C. Gordon Fullerton Brooklyn Technical High School B-1 Lancer Theodore Freeman Project Gemini Jimmy Doolittle Loren Shriver Indian Army USS Yorktown (CV-10) Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University USS Chicago (CA-136) Ronald M. Sega __cole Nationale de l'Aviation Civile Federal Aviation Administration Rick D. Husband Aerodynamics Steven W. Lindsey Albert Scott Crossfield Jalpaiguri Richard Mullane U.S. government role in civil aviation Aircraft USS Taussig (DD-746) Education in Sweden James McDivitt British professional qualifications Ernest Harmon Air Force Base Professional Master's degree Bureau of Aeronautics Google Education in Finland David Leestma Condon Committee Alfred Worden Technology Search and rescue South-East Asian Theatre of World War II Fighter aircraft __cole Nationale Sup__rieure de l'A__ronautique et de l'Espace Air Force Specialty Code Worcester Polytechnic Institute Dryden Flight Research Center Yahoo! Michael J. Adams Wind tunnel William Anders F/A-22 Raptor RQ-1 Predator Air Training Corps Music Corporation of America Lockheed U-2 Engineering society John H. Towers Fleet Air Arm Hanscom Air Force Base Engineering Chindits Culfest Charles Walker Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 