cute joke a man escapes from prison where he has been for years he breaks into a house to look for money and guns and finds a young couple in bed he orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair while tying the girl to the bed he gets on top of her kisses her neck then gets up and goes into the bathroom while he's in there the husband tells his wife listen this guy's an escaped convict look at his clothes he probably spent lots of time in jail and hasn't seen a woman in years i saw how he kissed you neck if he wants sex don't resist don't complain do whatever he tells you satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you this guy is probably very dangerous if he gets angry he'll kill us be strong honey i love you to which the wife responds he wasn't kissing my neck he was whispering in my ear he told me he's gay thinks you're cute and asked if we had any vaseline i told him it was in the bathroom be strong honey i love you too bravo a star is born Friends EastEnders The Inside Sin City Avenue Q Knots Landing Married... with Children Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Jam (TV series) Humphrey Bogart Yoko Ono Stewie Griffin Little Britain Blood Simple Characters of Lost The Marshall Mathers LP Leo Frank Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Kurt Cobain The Marriage of Figaro St. Elmo's Fire (film) Homer Simpson 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Radio Yerevan Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Pulp Fiction Grandview, U.S.A. Shaggy dog story Social rule Trapped in the Closet Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Characters in the Smurfs Vlad III Dracula The Untouchables Jayne Mansfield John Sheridan (Babylon 5) The Dalek Invasion of Earth Milton H. Erickson Garfield The Lovely Bones The Death Gate Cycle Marie Antoinette Fable (video game) Wyatt Earp Madonna (entertainer) Pitaten Rent (musical) R. Kelly Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Big Brother (USA TV series) Neighbours Anal sex Gay slang Ron and Fez Thinks ... The Suffering (game) Peter Griffin Jennifer Lopez Sex and the City Fiddler on the Roof Pok__mon Live! Miss Saigon George Michael One Tree Hill (TV series) Good Times Kodocha Plame affair Episodes of Lost (Season 2) The Beatles Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? Donald Neilson W.I.T.C.H. Treehouse of Horror IV Charles Graner Teen Girl Squad Katelyn Faber Our Mrs. Reynolds The Family from One End Street The Critic Kylie Minogue Futurama (TV series - season 5) John Holmes (actor) Jacob Dutch Schultz Suspicion (film) Marriage James I of England Diana Ross The Amber Spyglass YuYu Hakusho Days of our Lives Futurama (TV series - season 2) Women in Islam Pitcairn sexual assault trial of 2004 Whitney Houston Comanche 