i'd like to read a good fantasy novel suggestions i'd rather not get into a long series so a collection of or less books would be ideal i've read lord of the rings and the death gate novels and some of robert jordan among other things i just really want to read something new and not eragon couldn't get into that one xd twilight series by stephanie meyer there are two now and one coming out in a couple days my wife got me hooked on them High fantasy Robert Jordan The Wheel of Time The Twilight Zone The Chronicles of Narnia The Lord of the Rings Discworld The Foundation Series Fantasy Neil Gaiman Alaga__sia Dark Lord Dragon Fantasy subgenres Tolkien fandom The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Gene Wolfe His Dark Materials Kingdom Hospital Necronomicon Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany Lin Carter Christian eschatology Philip K. Dick Crossroads of Twilight James Bond C. J. Cherryh Conan the Barbarian Oultrejordain New Spring Ray Bradbury The Chronicles of Amber Star Trek J. R. R. Tolkien Dean Koontz Science fiction magazine Anne Rice J. Michael Straczynski Avenue Q Green Lantern Jack L. Chalker John Bellairs Dragonlance Eragon Frank Herbert Douglas Adams Frank Belknap Long Harold Bloom Fantasy Elves The Pilgrim's Progress Colleen Doran Messiahs in fiction and fantasy Arthur Machen History of fantasy L. Sprague de Camp Big Read Harlan Ellison Fictional character Inspector Morse Piers Anthony Bernice Summerfield C. S. Lewis Book of Mormon Gormenghast Dragonriders of Pern Wizard Phoebe Halliwell British Fantasy Award Sabbath David Gemmell Time Out of Mind Academy Award for Film Editing The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (film) Whodunit Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (film) Carvahall Stephanie McMahon-Levesque Bertrand Russell Eddie Guerrero The Silmarillion Ernest Hemingway The History of The Lord of the Rings Apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic science fiction Days of our Lives Ambrose Bierce Miyamoto Musashi The Avengers (TV series) Canon (fiction) Mercedes Lackey Socrates Phil Foglio Eldest William S. Burroughs A Song of Ice and Fire Robert A. Heinlein Games Workshop Marion Zimmer Bradley 