good and unique names for a fantasy story i love to write fantasy storys i love them alot yet with so many stories and so many character that u don't want to repeat over and over again u start running out of kewl names for them i need something not too plain but something easily pronounced by future readers i'm running out and i end up asking my friends the first name that comes to there head that isn't mine or there own i have already used serena cory and jaliad too many times in my stories jenna is already a special character to one of my most famous stories i've given my friends and jet keith jake jacob hope anna and many more i'm not going to go through them all plz help me and u could be a great help to a perhaps later published book in later years melina norba lorenzo patrick travis michael mike kathy katina katrina kristal paola ivette walter jose angelita lol i'm giving you names of my family members good luck apolo maya paco and nacho my dogs names Another World (TV series) AVN Awards Garfield C. S. Lewis Maya calendar Big Brother (USA TV series) Wicked (musical) Science fiction Michael Moorcock One Life to Live Sailor Moon Pittsburgh Steelers Role-playing game Groo the Wanderer Shakespeare on screen Kim Possible Kodocha Cory Doctorow Cleveland Browns Current World Wrestling Entertainment roster Miami Dolphins Robert De Niro Peanuts Six Feet Under Ontario general election, 1995 For Whom the Bell Tolls Neighbours American Psycho Nebula Award for Best Short Story Stage name For Your Eyes Only AFI 100 Years series Friends Neil Gaiman Carolina Panthers The Dark Tower (series) Kim Stanley Robinson J. Michael Straczynski Science fiction magazine Fighting Fantasy Game Books Dylan Dog Melina Mercouri J. R. R. Tolkien Final Fantasy Scrooge McDuck Genre fiction The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) T.A.T.u. Billboard Hot 100 Harry Potter Frank Herbert 10 Things I Hate About You Pogo Harvey Award The Merchant of Venice Brian Michael Bendis Don Quixote Eisner Award Gene Wolfe Humphrey Bogart Nebula Award for Best Novelette Sonic the Hedgehog Charles Bukowski Young adult literature Blake's 7 Whodunit The Fairly OddParents Novel C. J. Cherryh Trailer Park Boys Anne Rice Survivor: All-Stars Don Rosa Steve Ditko History of science fiction One Tree Hill (TV series) The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Glen Jacobs Chuck Cunningham syndrome Buffalo Bills Shaggy dog story Lizzie McGuire Jack Kirby Weekend Update (sketch) The Baby-Sitters Club Gary Gygax Extreme Programming The Emancipation of Mimi Ebook Hiberno-English The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Cliff Richard The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Robert A. Heinlein Cowboy Bebop Jane Eyre James Bond 2000 AD (comic) The Spy Who Loved Me 