who are the top ten classic literiture authors in your opinion jane austen shakespeare c s lewis george orwell gaston leroux harper lee alexandre dumas j r r tolkien george macdonald jules verne god bless Jules Verne Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Walter Scott History of modern literature French literature of the 19th century C. S. Lewis Alexandre Dumas, p__re George Orwell George MacDonald Aristide Briand Fantasy subgenres Big Read Guy Davenport England Gaston Leroux BBC's 100 Greatest Britons J. R. R. Tolkien Novel Austen Chamberlain H. G. Wells Acad__mie des Sciences Marshal of France Genre fiction Neville Chamberlain English novel P__re Lachaise Acad__mie des beaux-arts Jane Austen Alexandre Dumas, fils Thomas Jefferson English literature BBC television drama President of the French Republic H. Rider Haggard French literature of the 20th century Johnny Cash Timeline of fictional historical events Mythopoeic Awards British literature Alan Moore Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Indianapolis 500 The Greatest Canadian Manic Street Preachers 109th United States Congress Gene Tierney Alexandre Ribot Musical theater United Kingdom Harper's Magazine Tony Award for Best Musical Pneumatic tube Armand Jean du Plessis, Cardinal Richelieu Modern Library Culture of the United Kingdom Guy de Maupassant The Phantom of the Opera Harpers Ferry National Historical Park George IV of the United Kingdom Charles Dickens Le Plus Grand Fran__ais Frank Garvin Yerby William Shakespeare Lucian The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne Mannerpunk Weekend Update (sketch) Twenty-fourth United States Congress Pen name The Dial Mary Wollstonecraft American Civil War Harper Lee David Lloyd George Locked room mystery Timeline of underwater technology Bertrand Russell Consolation of Philosophy Emilio Salgari Classics Illustrated Ramsay MacDonald Oriel College, Oxford The Ed Sullivan Show Rafael Sabatini Ren__ Viviani Mary, the mother of Jesus Wicked (musical) Steampunk ER (TV series) Sense and Sensibility Songwriters Hall of Fame Singular they Around the World in Eighty Days G. A. Henty Hey Jude Jacob Pavlovitch Adler George MacDonald Fraser Ross Macdonald 