what does she stoops to conquer really mean is it greek or roman mythology or english lit translate ok what is the symbology of she stoops to conquer i'm pretty sure it's from a poem pardon moi ignorance its from a funny play also called mistakes of a night written by oliver goldsmith i read it and it was okay dokey sort of funny it so happens that a boy meets some guests who are about to visit his stepfather on the road and plays a prank by saying that the person who they want to meet lives very far off and they should rather take shelter for the night in an inn that he knows of and so he takes them to his home his father thinks they are his guests and treats them accordingly while they think he's an innkeeper a subplot involvs the host's daughter and stuff i forget but she eventually marries the person she wants to marry after lots of goof ups and stuff she wins in the end through diplomacy and stuff lemme guess its in free domain must be present on gutenberg net found it http www gutenberg org etext She Stoops to Conquer Oliver Goldsmith I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Odyssey Beavis and Butt-head History of literature The Faerie Queene The Thirty-Nine Steps Benvenuto Cellini Maison Ikkoku Late Night with Conan O'Brien Project Gutenberg Twelfth Night (play) Little Britain William Shakespeare AFI 100 Years series Abraham Lincoln About a Boy The Brothers Karamazov The Pilgrim's Progress Socrates Wheel of Fortune Paul Morphy West Indian cricket team Spidey Super Stories Irish theatre Great Teacher Onizuka Dance of the Vampires Lewis Carroll Saturday Night Live The League of Gentlemen (comedy) Mary Shelley Mois__s Alou War of 1812 Aeneid Academy Award for Original Music Score Asterix The Comedy of Errors Julius Caesar Augusta, Lady Gregory Social rule Chicago Cubs Iliad French language Have I Got News For You Sappho Neighbours Augustan drama Homer Irish poetry E. E. Cummings World Wide Web James I of England Charles Dickens H.D. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Whose Line Is It Anyway? Literature Peter Pan J. R. R. Tolkien Dictionary Geoffrey Chaucer W.I.T.C.H. Christopher Marlowe Will & Grace Monty Python EastEnders Hell Sabbath April Fool's Day Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Theodore Roosevelt Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Lord of the Flies William Butler Yeats Alias (TV series) Dante Alighieri Poetry Family Feud Roman mythology British monarchy Heinrich Schliemann George Moore (novelist) Hades C. S. Lewis Friends Days of our Lives Rais massacre Year of the Spider The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Rich Mullins Jon Secada King Lear Rabindranath Tagore Sydney Riot of 1879 Samuel Beckett Ovid Apology (Plato) The Tale of Genji Loki 