the book what are your views on this book i loved the book it's one of the best books i've ever read i would define it in the following words shocking brilliant interesting exceptional one of the best books in literary history and it's not only my opinion after reading it i was so shocked i could barely recover but it was definitely worth it it makes one re think their value system i wouldn't change a thing in that book my favourite quote is we shall meet in the place where there is no dakness oh and rakin h orwell was a british writer George Orwell Nineteen Eighty-Four Goldstein's book Literature Animal Farm G. K. Chesterton Aldous Huxley Crime fiction Book of Mormon Beat generation Marshall McLuhan Milton H. Erickson Jack Kerouac Jacob Neusner Science fiction Narrator Anne Rice New Testament A Series of Unfortunate Events History of the English Bible Deconstruction Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Theory of conduct Imagism Noam Chomsky Robert Schumann Canon (fiction) Rudolf Hermann Lotze Fran__ois de La Rochefoucauld (writer) Manic Street Preachers Chuck Palahniuk Inflation Estoppel H. L. Mencken If___ The Master and Margarita Philosophy Literary criticism Spiritism Gospel of John Thomas Jefferson Biblical inerrancy Augustus De Morgan Book of Isaiah Dialogue Jorge Luis Borges Spice Girls Charles Dickens The Brothers Karamazov Zohar Abington School District v. Schempp Simon Commission Bertrand Russell Arthur Machen T. S. Eliot Victorian literature Genre fiction Tunisia Campaign English literature Science Linguistics and the Book of Mormon C. S. Lewis Microeconomics Sharon Tate Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom Canadian literature Hard disk Jack London Anglican views of homosexuality Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Anne Louise Germaine de Sta__l Gulliver's Travels Lauren Bacall Discordianism The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (film) Japanese poetry Propaganda Property (ownership right) Tet Offensive Socrates Ramsey Campbell H. G. Wells Finley Peter Dunne Apocrypha Eli Siegel Old Testament Modern Library David Hume Novel American and British English differences Funeral Apocalyptic literature Baldassare Castiglione End times Liang Qichao Modesty Blaise Professor X Mary Wollstonecraft Tony Hancock 