catcher in the rye i have an essay to write holden rejects the traditional role of society in his life what is the result of this for him does anybody have any ideas or inputs for things to say in this essay thanks in advance my sister said exactly what needed to be said thanks for the people who answered her but as for the people who are going to comment her and be mean i watched my sister read this book all summer shes almost finished reading it for the second time actually and shes almost done with her essay she just wants a few finishing touches and to make sure shes covered everything if you are going to comment and tell her to do it on her own why dont you save your time and not comment at all thanks for the people who didnt try to earn points by being smart The Catcher in the Rye J. D. Salinger Baseball Baseball statistics GED Publication of Darwin's theory Objectivist philosophy CPU design Chuck Palahniuk Frank Herbert H. G. Wells Brainfuck Softball Karl Popper Jack Kerouac Bernard Williams Fight Club Theory of conduct George Orwell Bayes' theorem SAT David Hume John Locke CPU cache Jiddu Krishnamurti Philosophy of science Deconstruction Guide for the Perplexed Aesthetic Realism John Rawls Immanuel Kant Sinfest William Butler Yeats C. S. Lewis Arthur C. Clarke Holden Caulfield Narrator Adam and Eve Logo programming language Douglas Adams Federalist Papers Ayn Rand Gary Snyder Human sexual behavior Donald Hall Noam Chomsky Thomas Carlyle Theodore Kaczynski Anne Rice Camille Paglia Arturo Frondizi John Howard Yoder Stephen Jay Gould Samuel Taylor Coleridge Fahrenheit 451 Knight Rider Second Vatican Council Laughing Man (Ghost in the Shell) Fortran John Lennon Emily Dickinson Themes in Blade Runner Philosophy Robert Boyle Scouting Martin Heidegger Permanent Revolution Spike Milligan Turing machine Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica Ira Gershwin Rabbi Bertrand Russell Objectivist poets T. S. Eliot Alice Liddell Simone Weil Henri Bergson Bill Maher Allan Bloom History of creationism Ghost World Job Control Language E. E. Cummings Bill James Technological singularity Aldous Huxley Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki Nineteen Eighty-Four The nature of God in Western theology Friends Morse Code The Chronicles of Narnia The Origin of Species Alan Watts Requirements analysis Transcendentalism Philosophy of language Judaism The Apprentice 2 