what's the difference between science fiction and fantasy it's a stupid question i know but they seem so similar science fiction deals with things that might possibly happen or in the case of the subgenre of science fiction known as alternate history things that possibly could have happened fantasy deals with things that never could happen there is always a path from our here and now to the milieu of a science fiction story usually that path simply involves time passing and plausible advances in science and changes in society taking place during that time there is never a path from our here and now to the milieu of a fantasy story no matter how much you might want to get to the fantasy world you can't because magic and supernatural powers do not work in our universe you can't get there from here succinctly there's discontinuity between our reality and fantasy there's continuity between our reality and science fiction robert j sawyer science fiction writer hugo award winner for hominids nebula award winner for the terminal experiment john w campbell memorial award winner for mindscan http www sfwriter com sawyer sfwriter com Science fiction Robert J. Sawyer Fantasy Nebula Award Hugo Award Supernatural Fictional universe Fantasy subgenres Harlan Ellison Frank Herbert Science fiction film Ursula K. Le Guin Philip K. Dick Science fiction magazine Genre fiction Marvel Universe Science fantasy Poul Anderson Intelligent design Alternative history (fiction) Many worlds and possible worlds in literature and art Fan fiction Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Michael Moorcock History of science fiction Neil Gaiman Joe Haldeman James Blish L. Sprague de Camp Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book Kim Stanley Robinson Robert A. Heinlein Gene Wolfe C. J. Cherryh Mind control John Kessel Immanuel Kant Human Ramsey Campbell Traveller (role-playing game) Horror fiction Time travel Clifford D. Simak Steampunk Hugo Award for Best Semiprozine DC Universe High fantasy Tom Reamy Interactive fiction Many-worlds interpretation Walter Jon Williams John W. Campbell Arthur Machen Vernor Vinge Roger Zelazny Horror film 63rd World Science Fiction Convention Worldcon Martha Soukup Larry Niven Spider Robinson British Fantasy Award Harry Turtledove Science fiction fandom Frederik Pohl Superhero Hugo Award for Best Related Book Isaac Asimov Role-playing game Gregory Benford Science Campbell award (best novel) Final Fantasy magic Wuxia Religion Computer role-playing game Magic (paranormal) Fighting Fantasy Game Books Causality Michael Swanwick Thomas M. Disch Kate Wilhelm Fiction Literature Greg Bear Robert Silverberg Mack Reynolds Predestination paradox Messiahs in fiction and fantasy Immortality Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Cultural relativism Species Greg Egan Multiverse Aurora Award John Varley Dragonriders of Pern 