need something to read i like books like harry potter cirque du freak and the demonta they are fantasy books and i really like books that are in a serise like those ones any suggestions do i have a great award winning sci fi fantasy author for you try the xenogenesis trilogy by octavia e butler octavia has won both hugo and nebula awards for her work she also was the first sci fi fantasy writer to receive macarthur foundation genius grant here is a list of awards she has won lifetime achievement award in writing from the pen american center nebula award for best novel parable of the talents macarthur foundation genius grant hugo award for best novelette bloodchild locus award for best novelette bloodchild science fiction chronicle award for best novelette bloodchild nebula award for best novelette bloodchild hugo award for best short story speech sounds creative arts award l a ywca nominated nebula award for best novel parable of the sower nebula award for best novelette the evening and the morning and the night fifth place writer's digest short story contest Nebula Award Harlan Ellison Hugo Award Science fiction Octavia Butler Harry Turtledove Robert J. Sawyer John Varley John Kessel Neil Gaiman Science fiction magazine Clifford D. Simak Nebula Award for Best Novelette Gregory Benford C. J. Cherryh Joe Haldeman Ursula K. Le Guin Michael Moorcock Ender's Game The Foundation Series Hugo Award for Best Semiprozine Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form Jane Yolen Greg Bear Hugo Award for Best Related Book Dave Wolverton Fantasy Frederik Pohl Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser James Tiptree, Jr Frank Herbert R. A. Lafferty George Alec Effinger Spider Robinson Hugo Award for Best Fan Writer Philip K. Dick Marion Zimmer Bradley Nebula Award for Best Short Story Michael Swanwick Hugo Award for Best Fanzine Jack Vance The Book of the New Sun Walter Jon Williams Jack McDevitt Robert Reed (author) Fan fiction Tom Reamy Poul Anderson George R. R. Martin Lois McMaster Bujold L. Sprague de Camp Leigh Brackett Robert Silverberg 63rd World Science Fiction Convention Flowers for Algernon Lucius Shepard A Wizard of Earthsea MacArthur Foundation Victor Hugo Roger Zelazny Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book Charles Stross Kim Stanley Robinson Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form Nebula Award for Best Script Harry Potter David Brin Ray Bradbury Orson Scott Card William Shunn Samuel R. Delany Fictional universe History of science fiction Mack Reynolds Barry N. Malzberg Interactive fiction Gardner Dozois Charles L. Harness Theodore Sturgeon J. Michael Straczynski David Langford C. S. Lewis Children's literature Diana Wynne Jones Terry Pratchett Terry Goodkind Cory Doctorow Philip Roth Connie Willis Short story 