can you recommend a good read based on the last few books i've read these are my last few reads my very brief thoughts poisonwood bible and the rest of her novels barbara kingsolver fantastic story telling interesting characters hard to put down a monk swimming by malachy mccourt a disappointing read after reading angela's ashes too much name dropping not enough story a million little pieces by james fray good story telling interesting story kept me turing pages piecesstill me by christopher reeve fair writing interesting but i didn't really get absorbed into it harry potter great i love the conclusion of a story the boy who fell from the sky by ken dorsnstein nice mix of his story and details about the lockerbie would like to pulled in emotionally a bit more wow thanks so much i picked up a bunch of those authors at the library last night so i am going to extend the question until i can read a couple i've never read any of the books you mentioned but for some excellent authors who are masters of storytelling you might want to try amy tan gail tsukiyama richard paul evans penelpe stokes ann tatlock janette oke j r r tolkien and c s lewis C. S. Lewis Harry Potter Christopher Reeve J. R. R. Tolkien Fan fiction Barbara Kingsolver Neil Gaiman The Chronicles of Narnia Sin City Coronation Street Beowulf Plame affair Novel Discworld Young adult literature Little Britain Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics Knots Landing Bible Academy Award for Original Music Score The Spy Who Loved Me Past characters (Neighbours) Tolkien fandom J. K. Rowling Doctor (Doctor Who) The Catcher in the Rye Modesty Blaise Extreme Programming Literature Buffy the Vampire Slayer Anglo-Saxon literature Robert A. Heinlein Grammy Awards of 2002 The Inside The Foundation Series Neighbours School Hard (Buffy episode) New York Giants Ludwig Wittgenstein Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) The Lord of the Rings Alice Liddell Children's literature EastEnders James Bond Fight Club Storytelling Fantastic Four The Brothers Karamazov House of Leaves Dorothy L. Sayers AVN Awards Shaggy dog story Terry Pratchett Grant Morrison Empire Burlesque Jack Kerouac Narrative Chuck Palahniuk Frank Herbert Doctor Who spin-offs Daredevil Sherlock Holmes Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Mercedes Lackey Michael Savage (commentator) The Star Wars Holiday Special Our Friends in the North Aladdin (1992 film) Desire (album) The Man with the Golden Gun Avenue Q Karl Rove Biblical canon Hans Christian Andersen The Poisonwood Bible Pet Sounds Eragon Michael Moorcock Minor Hufflepuffs Grammy Awards of 2001 H. G. Wells David Bowie James and Lily Potter Martin Amis Isaac Asimov Choose Your Own Adventure Wicked (musical) American Psycho Ron and Fez Francis Crick 105th United States Congress Douglas Adams Anne Rice Victorian literature Boy Meets World Sonic the Hedgehog 