contemporary authors who will we still be reading in fifty years' time can't think of anybody now who will last that long and i have been a lifetime reader but i can find hardly anyone now who writes well enough to really endure i have gone back to re reading victorian writers some of the persephone press books a few very few bloomsbury group iris murdoch graham greene muriel spark etc there is absolutely nobody writing now that i think 'great great they've written a new novel' so who do you think will last i think i will have to cast my net wider and go to eastern europe and africa and australia but no to peter carey i actually doubt that harry potter will become literacy classics and stand the test of time on the merit of the books alone at the moment there is too much hysteria around them for the books to earn any serious credit i thought glen duncan i lucifer love remains had great potential his style of writing seem to over shadow all in the books i mentioned though i was greatly disappointed by his recent efforts sebastian faulks is a fond favourite of mine he has just been selected by the estate of the late author to write the next official book devil may care i ve recently read birdsong detailing events surrounding the great war and i found the book mesmerised me i haven t been able to get it out of my head since human traces englby are both also enticing books moving away from english writers to south america i find gabriel garcia marquez to be an inspired writer a part of the latin american boom Harry Potter Harold Bloom Sydney Riot of 1879 Crime fiction Modesty Blaise Walter J. Ong English literature Iris Murdoch Novel Sonic the Hedgehog The Ashes The Giver Bible J. R. R. Tolkien British literature Folk music Arthur Machen A. S. Byatt History of Test cricket (1884 to 1889) Johann Sebastian Bach Alfred Hitchcock The Foundation Series H.P. Lovecraft History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) New Testament Harry Potter in translation Billboard Hot 100 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Biblical canon English poetry Gene Wolfe Mariah Carey (album) Rabindranath Tagore Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban The Supremes Literature Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Culture of Lithuania U2 (band) The Chronicles of Narnia Animism Victorian literature News Corporation Manchester United F.C. Charles Dickens Rudolf Hermann Lotze The Tale of Genji Harry Potter: Book Seven Bloomsbury Group Whose Line Is It Anyway? Genre fiction Los Angeles Kings A Tale of a Tub Britpop History of Test cricket (to 1883) Francis Bacon (painter) New Jersey Nets Shakespearean authorship Middle Ages Book of Mormon Open access Superhero We Belong Together Children's literature John Cleese Sexual revolution Emotions (album) Anglo-Saxons Paradise Lost H. G. Wells Republicanism C. S. Lewis Grammy Awards of 2003 Church of Christ, Scientist Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Gabriel Garc__a M__rquez Printing press English cricket team Music history of the United States during the colonial era British monarchy J. K. Rowling Modern dance Neil Gaiman Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Rigging Fallen angel Unreleased Madonna songs C__dmon Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Lucifer Olivier Messiaen Kylie Minogue Aldous Huxley Futures Studies Annalists Mario Vargas Llosa Young adult literature Hermione Granger 