are there agents out there who will work with short story poetry writers who need help writing a memoir most agents wont work with you unless you are already published elsewhere agents are more about marketing and less about editing try submitting works to local publications like newspapers or magazines if you have them also enter any writing contest you can once you have some credentials agents will be more willing to work with you being a professional writer takes a lot of hard work and dedication beyond just writing almost anyone can write but the successful ones are the ones that have the drive and determination to make a name for themselves once you do that you should have no problem finding someone to represent you Publishing H.D. Imagism Arthur Machen Screenplay Literature Carl Barks The New Yorker Screenwriting Japanese literature Children's literature Agent handling Extreme Programming Objectivist poets Frank Herbert Journalist Rudyard Kipling Ming Pao Harlan Ellison Ye Shengtao British Poetry Revival Erotic literature Robert J. Sawyer Fair use Orson Scott Card Dada Newspaper William Saroyan Vaikom Muhammad Basheer Laura Ingalls Wilder Joseph Conrad Palanca Awards Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus George Moore (novelist) Scholarly method Modernist poetry in English Katherine Mansfield Genre fiction Self-publishing Chuck Palahniuk Modesty Blaise Charles Fort Short story Herman Melville Octopussy and The Living Daylights F. Scott Fitzgerald Thomas M. Disch Langston Hughes J. D. Salinger Irish poetry Ursula K. Le Guin Translation Ilokano literature Novel The Plain Dealer (newspaper) C. J. Cherryh Rohinton Mistry Gene Wolfe Mao Dun The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes The New York Times GED Next Magazine James Joyce Alice Munro Predictive dialer Editor British literature Herg__ Frank Belknap Long Ray Bradbury Newsroom Walter Martin Political campaign Pen name Diplomacy British comic Call centre Virgin New Adventures Surveillance Henri Poincar__ Consensus Warrior (comic) Michael Moorcock Samuel Beckett Am730 Architect Education in Portugal ABBA Gary Snyder Djuna Barnes Irish theatre IBM PC compatible Octavio Paz Waka Contesting H.P. Lovecraft Terry Pratchett William F. Buckley, Jr. 