i have a question about writing a book i am writing a fantasy book and i am i want to know where to find a litereary agent and how do i get my book to be edited and published anything is possible however the road to professional publication is a long one filled with rejection letters have you ever thought about entering your stories in writing competitions there is a wonderful scholarship program that writers in the grades can enter here in the states it's called the scholastic art and writing awards you can find information about them from your guidance counselor or from your art or english teacher or you can go to the scholastic art and writing award website it's an excellent competition and you can use your writing to help pay for college if you build your publishing credits you'll gain confidence in your ability to write and that will shine through when you decided to begin to look for a literary agent or for when you have a manuscript completed and you begin the submission process with publishers Education in the United States Graduate school Academia Scholarship SAT C. S. Lewis College admissions Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Plato Screenplay Science fiction New Testament Scholasticism The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Frank Herbert Richard Porson Master's degree Anglo-Saxon literature Camille Paglia George Orwell A Course In Miracles Mary Wollstonecraft Probation officer Chuck Palahniuk J. R. R. Tolkien Jack Kerouac Publishing Harlan Ellison Scholastic Press False document Nachman of Breslov Yu-Gi-Oh! Children's literature National Certificate of Educational Achievement Hunter College High School Advanced Placement Program Education in Japan Michael Moorcock Education in Romania Junkie (novel) Science fiction magazine Education Comics Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Bible Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Emily Dickinson Scholarly method Rhetoric Arthur Machen Law school Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards Biblical canon Style guide J. K. Rowling Stuyvesant High School Harry Potter City and Guilds of London Institute Documentary hypothesis Open access Propaedeutic value of Esperanto University of Michigan C. J. Cherryh Isaac Asimov Jean-Jacques Rousseau Gene Wolfe University of Alabama Lynbrook High School Of Pandas and People Robertson Davies Guy Davenport Marshall McLuhan Welsh literature Ramsey Campbell United States Academic Decathlon Law review Medieval university Doctorate Teacher Martial art Michael Crichton Dada Eugene Onegin A Tale of a Tub Cthulhu mythos arcane literature Ivy League The Standard Anton Chekhov Alice Munro Anglo-Chinese School The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) John Gardner Literature Rudolf Steiner George Moore (novelist) John Wycliffe Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Fantasy 