joe jonas and aj whatever her last name is how old is aj michaka because she looks kinda older than joe jonas aj date of birth april torrance california usa birth name amanda joy michalka nickname a j height ' m joe date of birth august casa grande arizona usa birth name joseph adam jonas nickname joe jj height ' m joe is yrs older Amanda Michalka 109th United States Congress Joe DiMaggio Torrance, California We Didn't Start the Fire Architecture timeline Arizona French Open United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics Arizona State University Newsweek's List of the 1,000 Top U.S. Schools (2005) Joseph Jackson 108th United States Congress Citrus Heights, California Joe Biden Dynasty (TV series) U.S. National Monument Billie Joe Armstrong Kennedy family Michael Chang Aly & A.J. Atlas Comics (1950s) Lou Gehrig Male prostitute Everton F.C. Joe Orton Fushigi Yugi Joe Clark Joe Dassin Ballot Result Joe Gallo U.S. Highway 66 Final V.U. 1971-1973 Viewtiful Joe California USS Arizona (BB-39) Citizen Joe (Stargate SG-1) Darrell Waltrip College of Cardinals The Emancipation of Mimi Chimney The Jackson 5 Calendar of saints Stanislaus II Augustus Poniatowski, King of Poland Accidents and incidents in aviation Los Angeles County, California Knots Landing 2005 US Open Women's Tennis Association Average Joe Ninety-sixth United States Congress Amanda Blake Casa Grande Ruins National Monument Douglas Adams Human California locations by per capita income Stan Laurel SG-1 Genesis Battles of Lexington and Concord Gunsmoke Another World (TV series) Joe Hahn Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Age fabrication Boston Red Sox Long Beach, California Nevada Audie Murphy Joe McCarthy (baseball) Atlanta Braves Worldwide Church of God Stargate SG-1 James K. Polk Past characters (Neighbours) Buster Crabbe Coolidge, Arizona Birthday Jane Russell President of the United States World Series 2005 World Series Methos USS Arkansas (BB-33) Emma Hale Smith Joe Moakley Age of consent Joe Versus the Volcano Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. Houston Astros Surveyor-General of the Ordnance 107th United States Congress Italian American Abelardo L. Rodr__guez Moondyne Joe Toronto Blue Jays Makuria Domenico Zampieri USS Turner Joy (DD-951) 