is anyone familiar with the artist turner who did a beautiful picture of a swan a small c is above his name no Swan Song Records Tina Turner Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Black Swan Records Mute Swan J. M. W. Turner Ted Turner United Artists Turner Prize Swan song Sleeping Beauty Lana Turner Girolamo Francesco Maria Mazzola Rachel Whiteread W. C. Handy Chelsea, London Leda and the Swan Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media Artist Linda Perry Saraswati Turner syndrome Swan Academy Award for Best Picture Manitoba general election, 1953 Popeye Leonardo da Vinci United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc. Royal College of Art Cher (entertainer) Warner Bros. Drawing Michael Turner (artist) Cinderella Photography Florence Turner Who Framed Roger Rabbit The Ugly Duckling Manitoba general election, 1949 Annette Bening Academy Award for Original Music Score Fantasia (film) Sydney Swans Australian rules football Picturesque Titian Swan River (electoral district) Guy Davenport Turner, Australian Capital Territory Grammy Awards of 2001 New Line Cinema Grammy Awards of 1993 USS Turner (DD-259) Grammy Awards of 1986 Swan Hunter Art of the United Kingdom Arthur Streeton John Turner Academy Award for Best Cinematography DC Comics What's Love Got to Do with It? (film) Western art history History of Western Australia Swan Lake Swan River, Western Australia Mikhail Vrubel Venetian Snares Totem pole Cartoon Network Studios Decca Records Aengus Home Box Office Chelsea College of Art and Design Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest John Tenniel Coinage of the Republic of Ireland Dark Castle Entertainment Turner Field Hans Christian Andersen Time Inc. Grammy Awards of 1989 Traditional animation Turner Classic Movies Swans (band) Sleeping Beauty Castle Paramount Pictures Julia Margaret Cameron Swan River Colony Beauty contest John Ruskin Swan Hill, Victoria Kitsch Neurosis (band) Cooperative Commonwealth Federation candidates, 1953 Manitoba provincial election William Hogarth Diego Vel__zquez Pin-up girl Wells Cathedral Trumpeter Swan Top Cow Productions 