where is that city fan mizboons she was sentenced to support city for their st games of the season i can imagine her yelling support for sven when they meet west ham this saturday city fans are like vampires nowhere to be found during the day because they are in hiding i like city but not to the extent that i consider myself to be a fan otherwise i would be hiding too West Ham United F.C. Crystal Palace F.C. National Football League Teddy Sheringham Sluggy Freelance Ipswich Town F.C. Paul Ince Frank Lampard Castlevania Legends Buffy the Vampire Slayer Canadian Football League Football chant Yu-Gi-Oh! Pittsburgh Steelers Delta State Alex Ferguson West Bromwich Albion F.C. Kain (Legacy of Kain) Lou Gehrig Football records in England Sliders Wayne Gretzky Carmilla Manchester United F.C. Kansas City Chiefs Charlton Athletic F.C. Fantastic Four Scooby-Doo FA Premier League 1994-95 Conker's Bad Fur Day AFC Wimbledon Hooliganism Shot Heard 'Round the World (baseball) Bart chalkboard gags Portsmouth F.C. International League Buffy Summers Saturday Night Live Sex and the City New York Yankees Texas Longhorn Athletics Sven Hannawald Philadelphia 76ers Sin City Chicago White Sox British Columbia Lions Invader Zim Steffi Graf Minnesota Vikings The Lord of the Rings Norwich City F.C. I Want to Hold Your Hand Bristol City F.C. Leo Frank Willow Rosenberg Hockey Night in Canada Christmas Eve Castlevania Sub-Zero Farnborough Town F.C. Anne Rice Science fiction on television Harry Redknapp The Mary Tyler Moore Show David O'Leary Tag FA Premier League 2004-05 Swansea City A.F.C. IFK G__teborg Pearl Jam Fan (aficionado) Marathon (computer game) Soccer AM Demon Castle Dracula X: Rondo of Blood Wimbledon F.C. Jackie Chan Adventures Geoff Hurst Angel (vampire) 2003-04 in English football Manchester City F.C. Pet Shop Boys College football Grand Theft Auto (series) FA Premier League Oakland Athletics Essendon Football Club FA Premier League 2002-03 Oklahoma City bombing Retcon World Championship Wrestling Wheel of Fortune Vampire Killer Bon Jovi The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe San Francisco Giants Celtic F.C. Headcrab F.C. United of Manchester 