what the man utd score thats a game they should really win isnt it i mean they are champions and man utd fans did say they would run away with the league lol man utd fans should keep there mouth shut b the season use are nothing special it's reading i have always said reading is a good team that gives us difficulty duberry is a very good defenseman it wasn't the best play by us but we did start out well i think we'll pick up as the season goes on reading is one of those teams that can give us trouble they are very good i was disappointed in o'shea scholes' misses and ronaldo's and nani's the boys need to practice their aim a bit i can't believe giggs didn't take that last kick we should shut our mouths come on i expect better from you from now on i'm gonna talk smack about arsenal because apparently according to all you anti man utd people we all do it Manchester United F.C. Alex Ferguson Sheffield United F.C. New York Giants New York Jets Cincinnati Bengals Cristiano Ronaldo FA Premier League 2005-06 Manchester United 1986-1999 Detroit Red Wings Los Angeles Kings Cleveland Browns Leeds United F.C. Ronaldo 1957 World Series Carolina Panthers FA Cup Pittsburgh Steelers New England Patriots Steve McManaman West Ham United F.C. Satchel Paige Los Angeles Clippers Paul Scholes Pittsburgh Penguins Alan Hansen Super Bowl XIV Kevin Keegan New York Mets Newcastle United F.C. Wayne Gretzky Wigan Athletic F.C. Super Bowl XIII Buffalo Bills National Football League Miami Dolphins University of Texas at Dallas Hartford Whalers Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 San Francisco 49ers Stockport County F.C. New York Knicks Kansas City Chiefs Norway national football team Everton F.C. Ryan Giggs Super Bowl X Toronto Blue Jays Houston Astros Detroit Tigers Nolan Ryan Super Bowl XXVII UEFA Champions League Super Bowl XXI Chelsea F.C. National Football League Lore Dundee United F.C. Stanley Cup Denis Law Notts County F.C. 2005 World Series Super Bowl XXXIV Jack Charlton Super Bowl XXV Tampa Bay Lightning International League Rugby union National Hockey League Montreal Canadiens Super Bowl III Frank Lampard Alex Rodriguez St. Louis Rams Montr__al Expos 1986 World Series Atlanta Flames Super Bowl XXIV Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Steve Coppell 1992-93 NHL season Super Bowl V FA Premier League 1992-93 FC Rostov New York Rangers Springfield Indians Super Bowl IX Chicago Bulls 2004-05 in English football Luton Town F.C. Super Bowl XXVI Ty Cobb Indiana Pacers Troy Glaus New York Islanders Paul Ince West Bromwich Albion F.C. American Football League 