is ga younger version of touz ga it's all about inzaghi touz it's all about zidane ga making fun of ronaldinho touz making fun of italian players they both had their accounts suspended a few times by now both have the highest non football related qs both are very hot and both are in love with me the only difference is their age in love well im not there yet lol Zin__dine Zidane Juventus F.C. FIFA World Player of the Year Football (soccer) positions Ronaldinho Midfielder Final Fantasy IX Diego Maradona Hipparchus (astronomer) FIFA 100 Filippo Inzaghi 2000 European Football Championship FIFA Series Pure Pwnage Brazil national football team France national football team Real Madrid LOL (Internet slang) The Damned Steve McManaman The Cure ELO rating system Rod Stewart FC Barcelona Relational algebra Ultimate (sport) Norway national football team Freya Crescent The Football League Dean Martin Cyndi Lauper Ra__l Gonz__lez Love Takes Time Frank Rijkaard The Sims UEFA Champions League Deco Football in Sweden Italy national football team Bundesliga (football) 2000s 2004 European Football Championship FA Cup Atalanta B.C. Whitney Houston Shut Down Volume 2 Dreamlover Emotions (Mariah Carey song) European Footballer of the Year Risk (game) Tina Arena Football (soccer) Brownlow Medal Salary cap American football Soccer AM Someday (Mariah Carey song) Batting average History of rugby union President (game) Ronaldo Heartbreaker (Mariah Carey song) Girls Aloud Essendon Football Club Spice Girls Verlan Hellas Verona F.C. Hung Up (song) Mao (game) Leyton Orient F.C. Vision of Love February 2005 in sports Rugby union Summer in Paradise Chelsea F.C. Percy Bysshe Shelley University of Notre Dame Human sexual behavior Manchester United F.C. LaToya Jackson Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Germany national football team Zico Luis Figo NBA Jam The Emancipation of Mimi Championship Manager Battersea Park Table football Gwen Stefani Fun House (game show) Portsmouth F.C. S.S. Lazio The Beach Boys Pavel Nedv__d Whose Line Is It Anyway? Torquay United F.C. Australian Football League Leon Lai Moli__re 