am i a shopaholic i dont spend alot on my clothes i love thrift stores and recycle store like buffalo exchange i shop at least times a week but i only spend to each time i buy alot of second hand clothes and i love wearing different stuff i cant wear the same thing to work because people always tell me how nice i look and comment on my clothes i think the biggest reason i shop alot is because of the people at my job i hate having this feeling and i wanna stop i have so mant clothes until i broke the pipe in my closet times i give clothes away almost every two months please help me how can i stop this am i a shopaholic why dont u try switching up your outfits wear things differently maybe then you wont have to feel like your in desperate need to go shopping im like this too and i just thought why am i spending so damn much money to kinda make myself feel better in front of other people its not worth it and in the end your ass is broke and it aint no joke so cut it out asap Shaggy dog story The Ashlee Simpson Show Avenue Q Jennifer Lopez The Apprentice 2 Jackass: The Movie Whose Line Is It Anyway? Eric Cartman Characters in the Smurfs The Emancipation of Mimi Social rule Humphrey Bogart Professional wrestling slang Little Britain Good Times Social aspects of clothing Fashion design Spice Girls Atomic Kitten About a Boy Textile manufacturing Ocean's Twelve George Costanza Paul W. S. Anderson Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Kimono Buttocks Neighbours The dozens Recurring South Park characters Teen Girl Squad Great Teacher Onizuka W.I.T.C.H. Eid ul-Fitr Garfield Gramophone record Rod Stewart Friends Beavis and Butt-head Stone Cold Steve Austin Trailer Park Boys The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Blood on the Tracks Sears Holdings Corporation Shoe Invader Zim U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 W. Daniel Hillis The Drew Carey Show Animal Crossing Philip J. Fry Green Day Grunge music Patrick Star The Devil Wears Prada Wheel of Fortune Kodocha Culture of Japan Tesco The Amazing Race Codename: Kids Next Door Negima The Inside Hey Jude Kanye West Oasis (band) Aaliyah Liam Gallagher Radio Yerevan The Apprentice 3 Paintball Married... with Children Cliff Richard Undergrads I Want to Hold Your Hand Hollywood Squares Singlish Dragon Booster Taxi Driver Surveillance Make money fast Ja Rule Sex and the City Diagon Alley Billboard Hot 100 Jon Secada Sento Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Knots Landing It's Walky! Brave New World Not The Nine O'Clock News Vegeta Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb Mariah Carey (album) Sin City The Perishers Fancy Crane Mojave people 