do anyone besides me don't like edgar allen poe i think he isn't as great as people say his poems are depressing and dark but that doesn't mean that i don't like dark poems his aren't so good the only poem of his which is well known is the raven and none else i bought a book of poetry which had his poems and short stories but i didn't like it much so your not alone i'm not a big fan of his poetry either Edgar Allan Poe The Raven History of modern literature The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Charles Bukowski Scott Levy Clark Ashton Smith Poetry of the United States Lyric poetry Thomas M. Disch The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Anne Rice Paul Bowles Jorge Luis Borges Treehouse of Horror Literature of the United States Dylan Thomas Time Out of Mind Lolita John Berryman Anglo-Saxon literature C. S. Lewis Pulitzer Prize for Poetry E. E. Cummings Guy Davenport Poetic Edda Groo the Wanderer J. R. R. Tolkien Short story The Catcher in the Rye Richard Eberhart Humphrey Bogart Leonard Cohen Minor Discworld characters Perl Shaggy dog story William Carlos Williams Aesthetic Realism Julian Symons Dean Koontz Thomas Ligotti Jean Sibelius Highway 61 Revisited Gustave Dor__ Harold Bloom H.P. Lovecraft Robert Creeley Galway Kinnell The Tell-Tale Heart Rudyard Kipling Tolkien fandom William Stafford House of Leaves Edgar Award Alice Walker Slayers A Series of Unfortunate Events Ursula K. Le Guin Charles Mingus Baltimore Ravens Robert Browning Sylvia Plath Theory of conduct George Oppen Procrastination Book of Job Poetry Howl Griffin Poetry Prize Vincent Price Ballad Neil Gaiman Lou Reed The Ersatz Elevator Robert Graves Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Literature The Wonderful Wizard of Oz The Raven (1963 film) Beat generation Harvard Classics Federico Garc__a Lorca Culture of Lithuania Wendell Berry Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism James Russell Lowell Gothic novel Narrator Tommy Atkins Marilyn Monroe Narrative poetry A. A. Milne Mervyn Peake Shi Jing __mile Nelligan The Faerie Queene Charles Baudelaire Michael J. Bernard Goth Symbolism (arts) 