is 'if' by rudyard kipling the greatest poem ever written the last lines are priceless if you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue or walk with king nor lose the common touch if neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you if all men count with you but none too much if you can fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds' worth of distance run yours is the earth and everything that's in it and which is more you'll be a man my son 'greatest' is too superlative to be applied to any art really all titles given like epic or masterpiece are open to interpretation the only thing one can know for sure is if they believe it to be the best they've read that said 'if' is a wonderful description of what a person should strive to be and what a true man should hold dear honor dignity and virtue these ever elusive traits were just as rare in kipling's time as they are today but nevertheless cherished perhaps kipling's most well known work this poem is one of the most inspirational that i have ever read and still remains one of my personal favorites for the message it carries if nothing else after all i've always maintained that poetry is nothing if its only words on paper true poetry has the ability to carry both emotion and ideas to its readers Rudyard Kipling If___ Poetry Paradise Lost Jorge Luis Borges Tommy Atkins Catullus British literature Victorian literature Socrates Literature Lu__s de Cam__es Japanese poetry Simone Weil Imagism Novel Philo William Butler Yeats Ethics Aristotle The Faerie Queene Gary Snyder Eli Siegel The Brothers Karamazov Lyric poetry Johann Wolfgang von Goethe T. S. Eliot The White Man's Burden French literature of the 19th century Ancient Greek literature God and gender Mojave people Charge of the Light Brigade Aesthetic Realism French literature of the 17th century Shahnameh Dutch literature Reaction to the assassination of John F. Kennedy Stoicism Mu'allaqat Time Out of Mind Rabindranath Tagore Deconstruction C. S. Lewis Summa Theologiae Italian literature Gertrude Stein Fernando Pessoa Victor Hugo Marshall McLuhan Michael J. Bernard Vladimir Nabokov The Lord of the Rings J. R. R. Tolkien Alignment (role-playing games) Meme Beowulf House of Leaves Robert Graves Art Michael Drayton Book of Mormon Propaganda Edward Burne-Jones Urantia Joseph Addison Emily Dickinson English poetry Carlos Castaneda Criticisms of Charismatic and Pentecostal belief Tarot Irish poetry Merit Miguel de Cervantes Adam Mickiewicz The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Waka Jon Secada Mikhail Lermontov Colley Cibber Gunga Din Storytelling Torquato Tasso Inception of Darwin's theory Epistemology D. H. Lawrence E. E. Cummings Ecco the Dolphin Professional wrestling match types Angel Daredevil Tamil literature Ella Wheeler Wilcox French Renaissance literature Sri Aurobindo Portuguese literature Louis MacNeice 