please define concurrence like in group think is when the group seeks concurance thanks to concur is to agree in group think it's when the group agrees on one choice it may not be that they all believe in the choice but instead that they all agree to agree with one choice Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Lawrence v. Texas Alberto Gonzales Van Orden v. Perry Planned Parenthood v. Casey Roth v. United States Polyamory Concurrent programming language Partial-birth abortion Actor model Denotational semantics Clarence Thomas Liberalism Abortion debate Originalism Article One of the United States Constitution Data Encryption Standard Scientific method Roe v. Wade Wolf v. Colorado Taiwan independence Decision making MGM Studios, Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd. Philipp Melanchthon Article Two of the United States Constitution Miller v. California Goodness and value theory Nash equilibrium Fundamental group Louis Brandeis Consensus decision-making Socialism Alcoholics Anonymous John Kerr Axiom of choice Reality Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Grand Coalition Initiative Group (Fiji) National Federation Party (Fiji) Concurrent estate Accession of Turkey to the European Union Sexual orientation Griswold v. Connecticut Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow Sandra Day O'Connor History of Kuwait Multiculturalism Comparing and contrasting Judaism and Christianity United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change John De Lorean Evil Judicial functions of the House of Lords Democracy Biology and sexual orientation Totally bounded space Guy of Lusignan Connection form Externality Probability Sino-Indian relations Libertarianism Special relativity Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 6 IP (complexity) Value system Status of religious freedom in Malaysia Groupoid Pro-finite group Redundant array of independent disks ROC presidential election, 2004 Prior probability Bretton Woods system Clifford algebra Banach___Tarski paradox Morality Semidirect product Eisenstadt v. Baird Gauge theory Unbounded nondeterminism Wang Mang Mafia (game) Divine grace Byron White 3-sphere Derived functor Postmodernity Relative clause Religion Objectivist philosophy Microeconomics Antonin Scalia Politics of Germany Korematsu v. United States Green Day Abelian variety Equal Protection Clause Operation Restore Hope Species All in the Family InterBase 