i am looking for an insparational speaker for a black community at the high school i attend any suggestions i don't think i willhave very much financial backing but if it can be arranged with someone worth while i am willing to try to raise the funds julian bond of the naacp hed be perfect hes a good speaker NAACP Royal Assent American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Bond Brown v. Board of Education Finance Julian Bond Hedge fund Prince of Hongnong Ancient Macedonian language Speaker of the British House of Commons Martin J. O'Malley Security (finance) Investment bank W.E.B. DuBois Keynesian economics Education in England African American history Rhythm Nation 1814 Jet engine Amherst College U.S. presidential election, 2008 Temasek Holdings West Ham United F.C. Municipal bond Leslie speaker NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Microeconomics Mutual fund Debate Empress He (Ling) U.S. public debt Acronym and initialism Fred Hampton Financial markets Establishment Clause of the First Amendment Public education God Emperor of Dune Dalhousie Student Union Pension Inflation Spingarn Medal Money German language Community college Deficit spending Tax Education in the United States Booker T. Washington Multilingual 39th Canadian federal election Lincoln-Douglas Debate Southern American English Lord Chancellor Millionaire Institutional fund management Ty Cobb Closed-end fund Burning Man Scholarship Government of New York City Pet Sounds American Civil Rights Movement (1896-1954) African American Vernacular English M__ori language English grammar Separation of church and state Massive resistance Thurgood Marshall Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Debt Social Security (United States) Briggs v. Elliott Spanish verbs St. Enda's School Cot-caught merger Policy Debate Southern Poverty Law Center Federal Reserve Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering Poker jargon Canadian Senate Tulane University Gross domestic product Jane (Ender's Game) Typewriter Ido Poway, California Cornish language Chinese Malaysian Polyamory William Thaddeus Coleman, Jr. Collateralized debt obligation Julian calendar Stock Parliament of Canada Shit Evan Mecham House of Bourbon Wall Street Crash of 1929 