what the hell is with anti man utd people why are people always insulting us man utd fans with stupid remarks like you guys aren't even from manchester oh really last i checked this entire forum was filled with all kinds of people from all over the world i see ac milan fans here and how many are actually from milan i see barcelona fans here and how many are actually from barcelona i see chelsea fans here and how many are from london what about the arsenal fans the real madrid fans why the hell is it that us man utd fans get picked on for this is it because of the myth that in manchester most people are man city fans cause i have friends and family in manchester and they say there are millions of fans there manchester greater manchester area that's like saying most toronto fc fans aren't from the heart of toronto we all know toronto great toronto area but toronto doesn't get flack for it i mean all of canada loves toronto fc is it just because everyone is jealous man utd has so many fans btw the toronto bit toronto is liek manchester there is a greater toronto area just like there is a greater manchester area most big cities are like this there are suburbs in the greater toronto area just like in the greater manchester area so when people say 'mancs arent fans of manchester united' theyre wrong because those people still live in manchester but they just happen to liv ein a suburb or a little city within the greater manchester area just like the toronto fc fans in mississauga or wherever fugutastic i have family and friends in other cities in canada and they say everyone supports toronto fc so maybe my center of the universe is all of canada lol apparently kwilfort first of all this is about the people who treat us differently second of all i dont hate chelsea arsenal or liverpool theyre the opposition and i respect most of them but i dont hate the teams theyre respectable teams theyre not the ones i root for but its not like i hate them and their fans just for the fact that i'm a man utd fan although sometimes i will yell i hate insert team name well you have to accept that this is part of the game people would dig up sh t that dosen't even have any relation and slam you for it you have to take it in your stride i mean it dosen't have to mean you can only support your local team london are full of united supporters and they have of the biggest clubs in england and europe if you don't like it then look on the bright side at least we're the best club in england currently i'm from singapore it dosen't make me any less of a fan i mean our country are divided into liverpool supporters united supporters arsenal supporters and recently chelsea supporters then an assortment of other teams with spurs leading the way Manchester United F.C. Newcastle United F.C. 2004-05 in English football UEFA Champions League Chelsea F.C. David Beckham West Ham United F.C. England national football team Steve McManaman Leeds United F.C. Arsenal F.C. Real Madrid London 2005-06 in English football Tottenham Hotspur F.C. FA Cup Everton F.C. 2003-04 in English football Football culture 2002-03 in English football Kevin Keegan Bryan Robson September 2004 in sports Sheffield United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Manchester City F.C. Toronto Maple Leafs Manchester England FC Barcelona The Football League Football in the United Kingdom November 2004 in sports Dundee United F.C. Frank Lampard Norway national football team Jack Charlton Denis Law October 2004 in sports 2001-02 in English football Liverpool F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Manchester International Airport FA Premier League 1995-96 Oasis (band) Paul Ince Local derby FA Premier League 2004-05 Toronto Raptors Major football rivalries Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United Luis Figo Yoko Ono FA Premier League University of Texas at Dallas Greater Toronto Area Steve Coppell FA Premier League 2003-04 Toronto Blue Jays Wayne Rooney Gordon Banks History of Arsenal F.C. University of Toronto Alan Hansen Portsmouth F.C. Futebol Clube do Porto September 2005 in sports Ultras Michael Owen Madrid Barajas International Airport FA Premier League 2000-01 Schiphol Airport Montreal Torquay United F.C. FA Premier League 2002-03 Claudio Ranieri World Series New York Knicks Crystal Palace F.C. April 2005 in sports Graeme Souness Protests against the Iraq war Bobby Charlton FA Premier League 2005-06 Norman Hunter Sin City 