when does your team play this weekend are you excited the league is starting again hallelujah haha when does your team play and against who what are your predictions my team man utd we play reading on sunday at pm am eastern my time i think reading is gonna give us a hell of a game but i think we'll win in the end i don't want to be cocky though that's not my style reading is one of the teams i respect they play well and they did well last season hey they were promoted not too long ago i'm so excited sunday morning i'm gonna be up at like and ill be making my pancakes waffles andall that in my united jersey and knowing me i'll be wearing my wayne rooney lol i need the new one good luck to your teams btw and to man utd fans glory glory jason there are channels like fsc dann my dad was a red devil and i grew up a red devil why the hell can't i support them is it because i'm not british so i automatically can't support an english team thats stupid my local team well i've moved around a lot my hometown team is maritimo in the portuguese league but then i moved to lisbon so then sporting then to rio so flamengo now to toronto so toronto fc do you catch my drift man utd is in my blood always will be i'd never support liverpool i don't care about the time i am a red devil through and through so leave me alone grr same as yours manchester united oh by the way dann i was born and bred in manchester but it dosen't make me a bigger manchester united supporter than izabel who dosen't live in manchester Manchester United F.C. Alex Ferguson Newcastle United F.C. David Beckham Toronto Maple Leafs Kevin Keegan Los Angeles Kings Toronto Blue Jays New Jersey Devils West Ham United F.C. UEFA Champions League Sheffield United F.C. Chelsea F.C. Dundee United F.C. Football chant England national football team Norway national football team Stockport County F.C. New York Giants University of Texas at Dallas Major League Baseball television contracts FA Premier League 2004-05 International League Cincinnati Bengals FA Premier League New York Knicks 2002-03 NHL season Blackburn Rovers F.C. 1992-93 NHL season Minnesota Twins World Series F.C. United of Manchester FA Cup San Francisco Giants September 2004 in sports Football records in England Arsenal F.C. Denis Law Steve Coppell Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United Perth Glory Bryan Robson Playoff The Chemical Brothers FA Premier League 2002-03 Pittsburgh Steelers New York Rangers National Hockey League Detroit Red Wings Nottingham Forest F.C. National Football League 2002-03 in English football Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Chicago White Sox Super Bowl Canadian Football League Boston Bruins December 2004 in sports Toronto Argonauts Super Bowl IX Los Angeles Dodgers Football in the United Kingdom Jack Charlton National Hockey League rivalries Torquay United F.C. Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Campeonato Carioca Ty Cobb Diego Forl__n Liverpool F.C. IFK G__teborg 2005 NFL season November 2004 in sports West Bromwich Albion F.C. Monday Night Football New Jersey Nets Toronto Raptors New York Jets New England Patriots Wigan Athletic F.C. Seattle Mariners Shawn Michaels Cliff Richard 1987-88 NHL season San Diego Padres May 2005 in sports Paul Ince Ottawa Senators Super Bowl XIV Continental Basketball Association Stanley Cup 