can't any european world class team show any intrest in corithians foward nilmar coming in the summer i was sure that arsenal was going to buy him because thierry henry went to barca or even the other way around cause barca needed a forward or maybe even man utd if they wanted to avoid the whole tevez thing or maybe even west ham cause they needed a good forward but nothing for god's sake nothing someone just comment http www youtube com watch v n kfjify dam dat guy is good i better tell wenger about this Thierry Henry History of Arsenal F.C. West Ham United F.C. Manchester United F.C. Arsenal F.C. David Beckham Ian Wright Alex Ferguson Striker Alan Shearer Dennis Bergkamp Emirates Stadium Aston Villa F.C. Humphrey Bogart Patrick Vieira Nwankwo Kanu 2005-06 in English football Leeds United F.C. 2002-03 in English football FA Premier League 2005-06 FA Premier League 2003-04 2004-05 in English football West Bromwich Albion F.C. Robert Pir__s University of Texas at Dallas Geoff Hurst Portsmouth F.C. Sheffield United F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Arsenal F.C. statistics Baseball Robin van Persie Rob Van Dam Paul Ince Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year Jiddu Krishnamurti Lee Dixon Nigel Winterburn Uniform Resource Locator HyperText Transfer Protocol History of Test cricket (1890 to 1900) Real Madrid Chelsea F.C. Second Punic War Watch Sola fide Newcastle United F.C. Frank Lampard Roman Republic Wigan Athletic F.C. Paul Mariner Fredrik Ljungberg 2005 Ashes series Norman Hunter Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Brian Close Bat Lash Hannibal FA Cup Bryan Robson England national football team FC Rostov Australian cricket team Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Malcolm Glazer takeover of Manchester United World Wide Web Josep Guardiola Football in the United Kingdom Peter Shilton Noah Slash (punctuation) Slashdot trolling phenomena Ra__l Gonz__lez Kuzari FIFA World Player of the Year IBM PC compatible The Amazing Race Jack Charlton FIFA Series Luton Town F.C. Shaggy dog story Common Unix Printing System Football chant FA Premier League 2002-03 Dragon boat FA Premier League 1997-98 Tony Adams (footballer) Teddy Sheringham Gordon Banks Argentina national football team Martin Peters I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Sinfest Pittsburgh Steelers Rugby league positions Marching band Survivor Series Goodness and value theory 