who will be the biggest flop of the summer personally i think it will be torres reason being he hasn't scored many goals for atletico he hasn't played in the cl therefore hasn't had to play games in a week often also such a huge fee will hamper him unless he scores at least in their first matches forget abut it beckham torres or nani Michael Owen Bangor City F.C. Atl__tico de Madrid Wayne Rooney David Beckham Troms__ I.L. Bryan Robson Football (soccer) Clube Atl__tico Mineiro Bobby Charlton Alan Shearer Real Madrid Manchester United 1986-1999 Everton F.C. Torquay United F.C. 1957 World Series England national football team Football chant Rugby league Joe Torre Computer and video games Dominoes Major League Soccer Andrew Flintoff Ali Daei Ole Gunnar Solskj__r Raith Rovers F.C. Hugo S__nchez F.C. United of Manchester Ciudad de Murcia Alex Ferguson David Cooper (footballer) The Football League Kenny Sansom Spice Girls Trevor Francis Denis Law Super Bowl XXI Norway national football team Cincinnati Bengals Super Bowl XXXVI Archery at the 1996 Summer Olympics Volleyball Peter Shilton Hand of God goal Super Bowl VI The Emancipation of Mimi Teddy Sheringham Jack Charlton Toronto Maple Leafs Demis Nikolaidis World Series Family Feud Ravi Shastri English cricket team Ultimate (sport) Newcastle United F.C. Sports in Puerto Rico Super Bowl XXVI Football World Cup Hurling Football culture Primera Divisi__n Argentina Torres Bundesliga (football) Match Game Brazil national football team Andre Agassi Nwankwo Kanu Counter-Strike Baltimore Ravens 2004 European Football Championship Neopets Bj__rn Borg Super Bowl XXV Australian cricket team Game show Chess opening Football World Cup 1990 Super Bowl XIV Poker jargon MMORPG Super Bowl XVI Nobby Stiles FA Cup Notts County F.C. Boston Bruins FC Rostov Texas hold 'em Jesper Gr__nkj__r Mario Lemieux 1996 World Series Crystal Palace F.C. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Aston Villa F.C. Ruud van Nistelrooy Water polo Steve McManaman Blackburn Rovers F.C. New York Giants 