what number will man utd's new signings wear i know that nani is does anyone know what s hargreaves anderson and tevez will wear i figure the departure of richardson clears for hargreaves but i have no idea about tevez and anderson i think tevez mite keep wearing his or rooney's old as he can't his national team giggs or the striker oriented saha anderson could be wearing rooney's by rumors but he also made an appearance against doncaster so he could have been wearing it then whatever the 's r we problably won't know until some huge press conference Ryan Giggs Manchester United F.C. England national football team Newcastle United F.C. University of Texas at Dallas Argentina national football team Everton F.C. Leeds United F.C. David Beckham Michael Owen New Jersey Nets Manchester United 1986-1999 Wayne Rooney Blackburn Rovers F.C. 2004-05 in English football New York Giants Striker F.C. United of Manchester FA Premier League 1992-93 Wayne Gretzky West Ham United F.C. Michael Jordan Sport Club Corinthians Paulista National Basketball Association Kevin Keegan Giaan Rooney James Anderson (cricketer) Indianapolis Colts Chelsea F.C. Doncaster Greg Valentine Coventry City F.C. Kevin Campbell (footballer) Los Angeles Clippers James Hargreaves Mickey Rooney Cincinnati Bengals Rangers F.C. Norway national football team Super Bowl XIV Arn Anderson Alice Liddell Sheffield United F.C. New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets Billy Bremner FA Premier League 2004-05 Phil Anderson Miami Dolphins Australian legislative election, 2004 Bill Richardson (politician) Torquay United F.C. Pittsburgh Steelers Australian Labor Party West Bromwich Albion F.C. Robbie Fowler Super Bowl XXV Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster Whose Line Is It Anyway? Tony Woodcock Nottingham Forest F.C. Orlando Magic Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Pamela Anderson Oakland Athletics Viv Anderson Manitoba general election, 1945 Ruud van Nistelrooy Andy Rooney Steve Nash England national football team records Australia at the 2004 Summer Olympics New England Patriots FA Premier League 2002-03 Cronulla Sharks Chicago Bears Syracuse University Orange Carolina Panthers Ole Gunnar Solskj__r New York Knicks Stockport County F.C. Luton Town F.C. Los Angeles Kings The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess Jim Crockett Promotions San Francisco 49ers Arkansas Razorbacks Texas A&M University Rice University Columbine High School massacre NFL playoffs, 2003-04 Softball Lech Pozna__ Fielding (cricket) 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Ric Flair Super Bowl IX Sting (wrestler) Anderson Cooper Paul W. S. Anderson 