who is the best palyer to ever play in the premiership from strikers all the way to goalkeepers pick your choice and post your comment if i was to answer i would probably say henry because he's just the greatest player the one and only thierry henry henry's achievements two pfa player of the year award only player ever to win football writer's player of the year award three times two time european golden boot winner four time premiership golden boot winner third highest scorer ever in the premiership second highest scorer ever for france four time french national player of the year rated by legend pele as greatest players ever twice runner up for world player of the year nominated for team of decade in epl Thierry Henry FA Premier League Football World Cup Alex Ferguson Norway national football team FA Premier League 1992-93 Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Dennis Bergkamp Chelsea F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Alan Shearer Football (soccer) FA Cup FA Premier League 2004-05 Ian Wright Rugby union Michael Owen FA Premier League 1995-96 Ali Daei Peter Reid David Beckham West Bromwich Albion F.C. Coventry City F.C. Geoff Hurst Ronaldo Hugo S__nchez Teddy Sheringham West Ham United F.C. FA Premier League 1993-94 Primera Divisi__n Argentina Italy national football team FIFA World Player of the Year FA Premier League 2003-04 Gerd M__ller Pel__ Wayne Rooney Viking F.K. Gianluca Vialli Derby County F.C. Wimbledon F.C. Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Rangers F.C. South Australian National Football League History of Arsenal F.C. England national football team Southampton F.C. Notts County F.C. Germany national football team Guinness Premiership Everton F.C. France national football team Arsenal F.C. Troms__ I.L. Bundesliga (football) Lech Pozna__ Ipswich Town F.C. UEFA Champions League Leeds United F.C. Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Steve McManaman FA Premier League 1994-95 Swindon Town F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Frank Lampard IFK G__teborg Fitzroy Football Club Gianni Rivera Blackburn Rovers F.C. Australian Football League Australian rules football Bryan Robson FA Premier League 2001-02 Andriy Shevchenko Millwall F.C. All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Bristol Rugby Ruud van Nistelrooy Essendon Football Club Celtic F.C. Leicester City F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Bobby Charlton Arsenal F.C. statistics Norwich City F.C. Paul Ince Queen of the South F.C. Maccabi Haifa F.C. Football (soccer) positions National Football League Denis Law Wigan Athletic F.C. PFA Young Player of the Year Australian cricket team Billy Bremner 