why do you get a red bull for free when you buy a ticket for seria a game it will keep ur eyes open cause in other way u would fall asleep if come till that that is so boring u want to die now u have wings and can fly away from stadium fans want to do some kind of dopings so they can be like players in their clubs juventus milan that are main reasons lol Juventus F.C. A.C. Milan Internazionale Manchester United F.C. Andriy Shevchenko Heysel Stadium disaster UEFA Champions League International League Celtic F.C. Roberto Baggio Real Madrid Durham Bulls Los Angeles Dodgers Sydney Swans American football April 2005 in sports National Hockey League All-Star Game Hellas Verona F.C. FC Rostov Sevilla FC February 2005 in sports Charlton Athletic F.C. Stanley Cup Pok__mon (video games) Oakland Athletics Pawtucket Red Sox Torino F.C. National Football League Portsmouth F.C. November 2004 in sports Ultras Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Football (soccer) Arsenal F.C. Giants Stadium Estudiantes de La Plata Emirates Stadium Football culture Manchester City F.C. IFK G__teborg Futebol Clube do Porto Red Star Belgrade Violence in sports Club Atl__tico San Lorenzo de Almagro Dinamo Zagreb Houston Astros Major League Baseball Newcastle United F.C. Luis Figo Boston Red Sox FC Barcelona Chicago White Sox 1994 baseball strike Liverpool F.C. Olympic Stadium, Berlin 1981 baseball strike San Francisco Giants New York Yankees Citizens Bank Park Montreal Canadiens Rochester Red Wings Olympic Games Swansea City A.F.C. Detroit Red Wings Red Bull Chicago Bulls Steve McManaman Denis Law September 2004 in sports Houlihan's Stadium Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Fenway Park Alessandro Del Piero Philadelphia Eagles The Rutles Pok__mon Colosseum The Championships, Wimbledon Cincinnati Reds European Footballer of the Year British Columbia Lions Thierry Henry Rangers F.C. Baseball Toronto Blue Jays Pete Rose Serie A Slot machine October 2004 in sports U.S. Open (tennis) December 2004 in sports Torquay United F.C. American Football League 2004 World Series Los Angeles Clippers 1896 Summer Olympics PFC Levski Sofia FA Cup The Legend of Zelda series characters Alex Ferguson New York Knicks 