why don't world soccer teams have better security at their stadiums a lot of grounds do have excellent security esp in england spain and germany most of the trouble now is way outside the grounds even so one reason is the mentality of soccer club owners and the fact much of the fan base came originally from the working classes no one really gives a crap otherwise things like heysel and bradford in the ' s would never have happened i mean seriously the us did away with wooden stadiums and crumbling concrete ones about two decades prior Football (soccer) Heysel Stadium disaster Football culture Stadium Major League Soccer New York Mets Football World Cup 2002 FIFA Series England national football team Wrigley Field Minnesota Twins San Francisco Giants Melbourne Cricket Ground Violence in sports Sport in the United Kingdom British Home Championship Chicago Cubs Olympic Stadium, Berlin 1957 World Series Deportivo Saprissa R.S.C. Anderlecht David Beckham New York Yankees Women's football (soccer) Chicago White Sox Boston Red Sox Notts County F.C. Ultras Hooliganism Atlanta Braves Wimbledon F.C. Estudiantes de La Plata Polo Grounds Pittsburgh Pirates Paul Ince Torquay United F.C. Houlihan's Stadium Norway national football team Sport Club Internacional Giants Stadium FA Cup Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. World Series Brazil national football team Oakland Athletics Football World Cup 1978 Detroit Tigers Football North American Soccer League Football World Cup 1954 Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Gaelic Athletic Association Everton F.C. Philadelphia Phillies Stadio Giuseppe Meazza Lamar Hunt Los Angeles Dodgers Liverpool F.C. Rangers F.C. Football World Cup 1966 Cleveland Indians FA Premier League Alex Ferguson Football World Cup S__o Paulo Futebol Clube West Ham United F.C. Playoff April 2005 in sports Arsenal F.C. Comiskey Park Washington Nationals Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome United States Air Force Academy Dewsbury Rams Toronto Blue Jays University of Virginia 2004 World Series Cork City F.C. Baltimore Orioles Sports timeline Reliant Astrodome Real Salt Lake Jacksonville Jaguars Hugo S__nchez Germany national football team IFK G__teborg St. Louis Rams Toronto Argonauts Rugby football Texas Rangers (baseball) National Football League Boca Juniors Football in the United Kingdom Football World Cup 1986 FC Hansa Rostock Cincinnati Bengals Luton Town F.C. 