what player do you respect most ps im back hey guys just wondering what footballer do you respect most it doesn't have to be a footballer who plays for your team or your country just one that you respect most btw i got my account reinstated congrats to everyone else who got their accounts reinstated it was just i hope the people who came in here reporting us will cease to do this as we will not continue to do this and the users such as myself who never did anything wrong are hoping that this war will come to an end btw thanks to everyone who supported me in the forum i see you got your account back well done cantona and keane have my respect Alex Ferguson Manchester United F.C. Eric Cantona Manchester United 1986-1999 Roy Keane American football Canadian football FA Cup Leeds United F.C. Football (soccer) positions Football (soccer) Rugby football The Football League Windows XP Teddy Sheringham Rugby league International Olympic Committee Pete Rose Jim Thorpe Sport in Ireland National Football League Robbie Keane Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Defensive team Paul Scholes Coventry City F.C. Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Essendon Football Club Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Carolina Panthers Fulham F.C. Steam (content delivery) FIFA 100 FA Premier League 1995-96 Crystal Palace F.C. Wayne Rooney Norway national football team Football in the United Kingdom Texas A&M University Hey Jude Republic of Ireland national football team Newcastle United F.C. Major League Soccer American Football League Glossary of American football United States Football League Montreal Canadiens Time Out of Mind Olympique de Marseille Canterbury Bulldogs Zin__dine Zidane Belgium national football team Football World Cup 2002 Luke Skywalker Offensive team Bobby Charlton UEFA Champions League Violence in sports SOCOM II: U.S. Navy SEALs RuneScape cheats FA Premier League 1993-94 Portsmouth F.C. Wide receiver Gaelic football Rugby union Arena football New York Giants Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year Monday Night Football F.C. United of Manchester National Hockey League All-Star Game Steven Wright Field hockey IFK G__teborg Watford F.C. Football in Sweden John Aldridge Turkish Football Federation Canada national rugby union team Running back Internet forum FA Premier League 1994-95 England national football team FairPlay Ecuador national football team Cincinnati Bengals West Bromwich Albion F.C. New York Jets Good Morning, Vietnam Football Conference Super Bowl III Wahoo McDaniel Kansas City Chiefs South Australian National Football League 