this is kind of a fun football question well not really since we apparently have nothing better to do than complain about undeserved suspensions which i totally am mad about dont get me wrong then here is a thing u can do that has to do with soccer ok i am a loser with no life but here goes write down a full team goalie players and subs one team best team ever one team worst team ever do a full roster for each i'm sure no one will do this but whatever my best team fred and luciano emilio jaime moreno christian gomez ben olsen and brian carroll josh gros devon mctavish bobby boswell and bryan namoff troy perkins subs adu donovan addlery burch dyachenko deroux kpene mediate moose simms vanney my worst team the entirety of houston dynamo not meant to offend anyone please dont get mad at me your turn d paa lol i like that team hehe sufianomilano yeah i figured that would be the kind of answer i'd get mizz don what who will be back u mean dynamo oh please babyboy no problem best team ever van der sar g neville r ferdinand n vidic p evra c ronaldo p scholes m carrick r giggs w rooney c tevez subs nani martin hargreaves brown heaton i obviously mean united worst team ever just guese our rivals the team who tried hardest to beat us last season no names mentioned lol ha ha ha ha ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Manchester United F.C. D.C. United Alex Ferguson Major League Soccer New York Giants Newcastle United F.C. FIFA Series England national football team New England Patriots Buffalo Bills Indianapolis Colts World Series Manchester United 1999-present November 2004 in sports New York Knicks Pro Football Hall of Fame Carolina Panthers Cincinnati Bengals Leeds United F.C. Cleveland Browns Freddy Adu Water polo St. Louis Rams Manchester United 1986-1999 Chicago Cubs Dallas Cowboys David Beckham Everton F.C. Bryan Robson Ryan Giggs R.S.C. Anderlecht Brian Close Stage name MAD Magazine October 2005 in sports Tottenham Hotspur F.C. National Hockey League All-Star Game Nottingham Forest F.C. Chicago Blackhawks 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Super Bowl XXI Florida Marlins 2004-05 in English football Bobby Convey Brazil national football team Rugby union positions Chicago Bulls Los Angeles Kings Miami Dolphins Norway national football team Football (soccer) Leicester City F.C. Boston Red Sox St. Louis Cardinals Bundesliga (football) Detroit Tigers Los Angeles Clippers Kansas City Wizards Super Bowl XIV NCAA football bowl games, 2004-05 Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Archibald Prize Montreal Canadiens San Francisco 49ers Paul Scholes Wimbledon F.C. Boca Juniors Donovan McNabb National Football League Philadelphia Flyers Major League Baseball television contracts Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Dundee United F.C. Indiana Pacers United States men's national soccer team FC Rostov Pittsburgh Pirates Kansas City Chiefs Blackburn Rovers F.C. The Ashlee Simpson Show San Francisco Giants Super Bowl I Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics Durham County Cricket Club Chelsea F.C. Portsmouth F.C. West Ham United F.C. Oakland Raiders Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME All My Children 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Ipswich Town F.C. National Football League Lore Toronto Blue Jays 