what was the deal with frannie jeffers was he just unlucky with injuries or did he have a bad attitude he has that little bit of talent he can score the occasional good goals too but he is way too over hyped when arsenal bought him over as the most expensive teenager at the time it got to his head jeffers felt he must be real good because arsenal just splashed lots of cash on him from then on he goes down spiralling it's not that he did not perfrom up to his usual standard the fact is his usual standard was just average at best and that people expect too much from him he is perhaps just an everage or above average striker at best his move to sheffield wednesday will do him good he won't feel out of place there and don't be surprised if he starts scoring goals at his new club in the lower divisions Alex Ferguson Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Chelsea F.C. Aston Villa F.C. FA Cup Sheffield United F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Newcastle United F.C. FA Premier League 1992-93 Manchester United 1986-1999 History of Arsenal F.C. FC Rostov Everton F.C. Norway national football team 2005-06 in Scottish football Football (soccer) David Beckham Blackburn Rovers F.C. FA Premier League 1993-94 Bryan Robson FA Premier League 1995-96 Tottenham Hotspur F.C. FA Premier League 1994-95 Fast bowling Manchester United F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. David Cooper (footballer) 2004-05 in English football Clive Allen FA Premier League 2001-02 Wayne Rooney Arsenal F.C. Swindon Town F.C. Poker jargon Football records in England R.S.C. Anderlecht Luton Town F.C. Jack Charlton Coventry City F.C. Denis Law Leeds United F.C. Herbert Chapman Raith Rovers F.C. John Aldridge Gordon Banks Nwankwo Kanu Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. FA Premier League 2002-03 David Platt FA Premier League 1997-98 Paul Mariner Trevor Francis The Football League Kenny Sansom New York Jets Los Angeles Clippers Lee Dixon Theory of conduct Bradford City A.F.C. Torquay United F.C. Fulham F.C. Steve McManaman Real Madrid Crystal Palace F.C. Dion Dublin David O'Leary Dennis Bergkamp Ronny Rosenthal Viv Anderson Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Thierry Henry Ian Wright Toronto Raptors Robert Pir__s August 2005 in sports Diving FA Premier League 2004-05 Kevin Campbell (footballer) Paul Sturrock Ronaldo George Graham (footballer) Alan Shearer Alan M. Smith Manchester City F.C. New York Giants UEFA Champions League Dunstable Town F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Steve McMahon Nigel Winterburn Hulk Hogan Robin van Persie Steve Coppell Ruud van Nistelrooy Michael Owen West Ham United F.C. Gabriel Batistuta Hearts (game) Peter Shilton 