people still think pizarro is a bad option for the chelsea attack the man scored at debut it seems he is not such a loser as some said i heard so many times that he is not going to do anything at chelsea and that he is not going to make the first team he is definitely a great team player he works hard in both attack and defence has great vision great technique and can integrate with the other players easily oh yeah he is great in the air too only reason he is underrated is because we got him on a free transfer if we got him for million then i'm sure he would have arrived with a much enhanced reputation anyway i think malouda is a really great signing can't wait for daniel alves to complete the team as right back is the only problematic position for chelsea now urggh the way johnson allowed kapo pass him is ludicrous Volleyball Alex Ferguson Frank Lampard Football (soccer) Rugby union positions Claudio Ranieri England national football team Football (soccer) positions Newcastle United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Deco Gianluca Vialli Gordon Banks Leeds United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Norway national football team 1957 World Series FA Cup Rugby league Everton F.C. Glossary of American football Water polo Jack Charlton Crystal Palace F.C. Cricket Tore Andr__ Flo Chess terminology Eidur Gudjohnsen Beatmania IIDX Blackburn Rovers F.C. Rugby union Steven Gerrard Glen Johnson (footballer) Francisco Pizarro Ali Daei Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics New York Giants Super Bowl XIX Poker jargon John Forrest, 1st Baron Forrest of Bunbury Glenn Hoddle Hern__n Crespo Super Bowl XXVII Rugby league positions Basketball NBA Finals FA Premier League 2004-05 New York Knicks Troms__ I.L. Tag Association of Tennis Professionals Table tennis 2005-06 in English football Ian Wright French Defence Pittsburgh Steelers The Football League National Football League The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Indiana Pacers Endgame Ice hockey Double Dragon Andriy Shevchenko Nottingham Forest F.C. The Amazing Race Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Jos__ Mourinho Leicester City F.C. Sydney Riot of 1879 Bryan Robson Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics Shogi Denis Law Perfect Dark American Football League New Mexico Lobo Basketball David Beckham Steve McManaman EXpanded MultiPlayer Canadian football Portsmouth F.C. Ars__ne Wenger Alan Shearer Advance Wars: Dual Strike Paul Ince Boston Red Sox Blackjack American football Los Angeles Clippers Archery at the 1996 Summer Olympics American football strategy Wheel of Fortune Super Bowl XVI Buffalo Bills History of rugby league Ray Wilkins The Dalek Invasion of Earth Super Bowl XVII 