should england stop with the recalls and focus on there younger players bringing beckham back was a good idea because he should of never been cut in the first place but i do think that bringing back sol campbell is a stupid idea he is a great expierenced talent but wouldnt it benefit the euro squad and the world cup squad if they brought some youth in the squad perhaps bring reo coker into the squad and put hargreaves into a defensive role the problem with england is the coach pple am i the only one watching i mean they had the absolute dream team in euro but they blew it why the coach i know there is a new coach now but he is even worse than ericsson english pple let go of ur pride and hire a talented foreigner spanish latin would be my pick to coach the team England national football team Norway national football team Sol Campbell 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Alan Shearer Nottingham Forest F.C. Bobby Charlton Bryan Robson Los Angeles Kings Real Madrid Sven-G__ran Eriksson Steve McManaman England national rugby union team Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Brazil national football team France national football team West Bromwich Albion F.C. Michael Owen Pittsburgh Steelers Boston Bruins Newcastle United F.C. Carolina Panthers Harry Redknapp Germany national football team Football culture Ajax Amsterdam Tony Adams (footballer) Portugal national football team Leeds United F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Dallas Cowboys Frank Lampard Cincinnati Bengals Paul Ince Manchester United F.C. Leicester Tigers Aston Villa F.C. New York Giants Jack Charlton New York Knicks Brian Close FC Barcelona New York Jets Super Bowl XXVII Maccabi Haifa F.C. Denmark national football team FC Rostov English cricket team Viv Anderson Ice hockey Chelsea F.C. David Platt Gary Stevens National Hockey League All-Star Game Patrick Vieira Lee Dixon Stanley Cup San Francisco 49ers Crystal Palace F.C. James Anderson (cricketer) Everton F.C. Joe Gibbs Philadelphia Eagles Scotland national rugby union team Cleveland Browns Ravi Shastri American football Iron Bowl Guus Hiddink Athletic Bilbao Torquay United F.C. FIFA Series British Columbia Lions Rugby union Table tennis Toronto Argonauts Glossary of American football Troms__ I.L. Ireland national rugby league team Alan Ball (footballer) C__sar Luis Menotti Michael Laudrup PSV Eindhoven Formation (football) Zin__dine Zidane Boca Juniors Kevin Keegan Philip Neville Jokerit Aron Winter Luis Figo Buffalo Bills Bristol Rugby International cricket in 2005 Middlesbrough F.C. Utah Jazz Frank Rijkaard Italy national football team 