you people speak too soon i see all the arsenal fans and liverpool fans and man city fans going hahaha manchester united hahaha you were criticizing us blah blah you're all effing idiots you know that you did the same thing last season and who won the season you people are telling us we speak too soon if anything it's you guys who speak too soon all you do is boast about your team and then they end up losing sorry dudes arsenal man city don't stand a chance yes i'm saying that now how does it feel liverpool is a good team i respect them so honestly you guys can talk about how we tied reading blah blah reading is a good team i have always said that they tied us they played well we played well but we didn't play up to normal standards fellow man united fans give it some time we need to adjust we will however come out on top ignore these stupid users within a few weeks they'll be making up excuses like well henry left us capeesh congrats to reading fans rafa i never said they were gonna beat arsenal even if other people were giving you a hard time you know how much you smug fans piss me off grrrr lfc reds i said i respected liverpool forgot to mention i don't respect liverfool fans hope you guys crash and burn yeah before today s match my exact words were of all the teams i want to do bad liverpool is the one i want to see crash and burn good day santa go find your mommy just pity them u know u are great when the whole world rejoices when u draw a game excellent line there my man that is so true maradona jr youre an idiot you missed the point we always tie reading they play defensively then again what could i expect from you well id ont have anything against any team its the fans that piss me off ok ok so i dont like liverpool i hate their fans especially but i respect them at least id ont respect chelsea though i respect arsenal for their style but not their management yep well said bela well said some people never learn we drew with reading last season and everyone said we were losing steam we didn't have enough to get the title well enough said on that point just pity them u know u are great when the whole world rejoices when u draw a game the boys played well and tried hard first game back after the break my only regret is that we didn't send van der sar up to the edge of the to try his luck with some shots or substituted him for another outfield player gloat while u can clowns and god help the next few teams that play us they're in for it trust me glory glory man utd Alex Ferguson FA Cup Manchester United F.C. England national football team Newcastle United F.C. Bryan Robson Leeds United F.C. Arsenal F.C. Peter Shilton Cincinnati Bengals Kevin Keegan Chelsea F.C. Everton F.C. 2004-05 in English football 1957 World Series Poker jargon Norway national football team R.S.C. Anderlecht FA Premier League 1995-96 FA Premier League 2004-05 Steve Coppell Nottingham Forest F.C. Brian Close Sheffield United F.C. Detroit Tigers West Ham United F.C. Paul Ince Football records in England Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 John Aldridge Manchester United 1986-1999 Ipswich Town F.C. Toronto Blue Jays West Bromwich Albion F.C. Buffalo Bills Torquay United F.C. New York Knicks Baseball Gary Stevens Tris Speaker David Beckham Wayne Gretzky Chicago Cubs Shawn Michaels San Francisco Giants Tommy Smith Bowl Championship Series Seattle Mariners Liverpool F.C. Cincinnati Reds Ty Cobb Graeme Souness Los Angeles Dodgers Chicago White Sox 1919 World Series FA Premier League 2001-02 Aston Villa F.C. Manchester City F.C. Boston Red Sox Kasparov versus The World Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles 2005-06 in English football Theory of conduct Football chant Philadelphia Phillies April 2005 in sports Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim New England Patriots Big Brother (USA TV series) Claudio Ranieri Super Bowl XXVII ELO rating system New York Giants Glen Jacobs Bobby Charlton Celtic F.C. Steve McMahon Reggie Jackson FA Premier League Norman Hunter New York Yankees Cleveland Browns True Crime: Streets of LA Eddie Guerrero Blackburn Rovers F.C. Pete Rose Carolina Panthers World Series 