what are your thoughts on beckham staying on the bench david beckham is getting paid million dollars for five years to play for the los angeles galaxy it irritates me because i bought tickets to see him and all he does is sit on the bench what are your thoughts on his arrival and situation i too have tickets just be patient he is here for years so you will get to see him plus he is not wussing out he got screwed over by team doctors and the management at real madrid which has prolonged his injury can you blame him for wanting to help his team win a title no can you blame him for taking advice from people who would have gladly sacrificed him to win la liga perhaps but remember that becks isn't too bright plus he is paid mil per year to play the rest of the money doesn't have to do with playing his arrival was overhyped and the situation is frustrating but understandable for the reasons listed above he will play as soon as his injury heals he has said several times that he doesn't want to let anyone down David Beckham Real Madrid Michael Owen The Amazing Race Supply and demand Steve McManaman Los Angeles Dodgers Denis Law Los Angeles Clippers Major League Soccer Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Manchester United F.C. Alex Ferguson Babe Ruth La Liga Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Manchester United 1986-1999 Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks F.C. United of Manchester Friends The Catcher in the Rye The Apprentice 2 Galaxy Angel Satchel Paige Oakland Athletics Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Microeconomics New York Knicks Stone Cold Steve Austin Tris Speaker Ole Gunnar Solskj__r Everwood Newcastle United F.C. American Football League FC Barcelona Pitaten Angel One (TNG episode) Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Professional wrestling slang Minor league baseball NBA Finals Magical thinking James T. Aubrey, Jr. Spice Girls Ocean's Twelve Los Angeles Kings Aston Villa F.C. Football chant St. Louis Rams Slot machine Toronto Raptors Sandy Koufax Bryan Robson The Contender (television series) Knots Landing Ben Johnson (athlete) Manchester United 1999-present LiveJournal The Amber Spyglass The Shining (film) Humphrey Bogart You Don't Know Jack U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Jon Secada San Francisco Giants Katelyn Faber Mensal__o scandal Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix EastEnders World Series Rei Ayanami Pittsburgh Steelers Poker jargon England national football team The nature of God in Western theology Mother Teresa Clear Channel Communications Hypnosis Pok__mon Live! Alan Hansen The Football League Procrastination National Basketball Association Kodocha Episodes of Lost (Season 2) New York Giants Ken Griffey, Jr. Chicago White Sox National Football League Insurance Ravi Shastri Major League Baseball television contracts The Price Is Right Series finale Too Short a Season (TNG episode) 2005 World Series PE ratio Obsessive-compulsive disorder San Antonio Spurs Indiana Pacers 