can you set me straigt i'm a yank still pretty new to the epl and still confused about all the cup competitions this is how i understand it so please correct my errors champions league european club championship epl top six are automatically in the draw with the top two getting a bye or two a few lower clubs have a chance this is what is referred to as getting to europe no carling cup seems like a second chance cup or a lower tier cup or something intertoto for those who couldn't make the other cups what have i missed don't say the world cup i'm not stupid so tell me what the fa cup is how is it different than the epl championship or the carling cup it is hard to keep up with the epl for me a guy with basic tv no sky foxsoccerchannel goltv setanta etc it seems the epl would allow for just some basic highlights like every other major league in the world but i'm finding that basically impossible champions league epl top with first getting a bye uefa cup epl and intertoto epl and only the fifth placed team in the league qualifies for the uefa cup automatically the other two places in the uefa cup are awarded to the teams who win the fa and carling cups if the winner of the fa cup has already qualified for either the champions league or the uefa cup by virtue of the league their place in the uefa cup is awarded to the other finalist if the runner up has also qualified for europe via the league then the uefa cup place reverts to the league in the league cup if the winner has already qualified for europe via the league their place reverts to the league too rather than to the other finalist carling cup cup competition where usually teams play with their youngsters fa cup england's most important cup competition the fa cup is way more important than the carling cup but nothing is more important than the league itself http en wikipedia org wiki premier league FA Cup Bundesliga (football) UEFA The Football League UEFA Intertoto Cup Football in England West Ham United F.C. Playoff Troms__ I.L. Nottingham Forest F.C. Playoff format Football World Cup Cork City F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Leeds United F.C. Frank Lampard Aston Villa F.C. Blackburn Rovers F.C. Eredivisie Everton F.C. Chelsea F.C. Newcastle United F.C. David Beckham Alex Ferguson Michael Owen Football (soccer) All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship FA Premier League 2004-05 Norway national football team R.S.C. Anderlecht Manchester United F.C. Football World Cup 2006 (qualification) Jupiler League Millwall F.C. Fulham F.C. Coventry City F.C. European/South American Cup K.F.C. Germinal Beerschot UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Juventus F.C. Celtic F.C. Rugby union Bryan Robson Crystal Palace F.C. 2003-04 in Portuguese football AFC Champions League Tottenham Hotspur F.C. 2002-03 in English football Stanley Cup Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Peter Shilton Futebol Clube do Porto World Series 2004-05 in English football Manchester City F.C. Norwich City F.C. FIFA FA Premier League 1999-00 West Bromwich Albion F.C. Jack Charlton Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Ray Harford FA Premier League 1995-96 Football in Sweden British Home Championship Maccabi Haifa F.C. April 2005 in sports Derby County F.C. European Super Cup May 2005 in sports Italy national football team SuperLiga Sport in the United Kingdom Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Football World Cup 1990 Martin Peters Rugby league St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Gianluca Vialli Asian Football Confederation August 2005 in sports Hamburger SV Middlesbrough F.C. September 2004 in sports Olympique de Marseille History of Arsenal F.C. Shelbourne F.C. Raith Rovers F.C. 