abaut steven gerrard one of the soccer players that i like is steven gerrar he is a very good player and seems to be a good and a simple person how old is he is he married please who know the answer of these qustions answer thanks may be this will fullfilth name steven george gerrard mbe nationality english date and place of birth born may in whiston england height ' gerrard is married to alex curran and the couple have two daughters lilly ella gerrard born february and lexie gerrard born may they married at cliveden on june the same day as the weddings of england team mates gary neville michael carrick and rock star rod stewart a day after england captain john terry's so you still like him as a fan Steven Gerrard Steve McManaman David Beckham English cricket team Order of the British Empire Liverpool F.C. Grammy Awards of 2005 Australian national rugby union team International cricket in South Africa (1971 to 1981) Robert I of Scotland Days of our Lives FA Premier League Manchester United F.C. 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand Michael Owen Leeds United F.C. Frank Lampard EastEnders Gerrard Winstanley Everton F.C. Boston Bruins Australian legislative election, 2007 Los Angeles Kings Edward IV of England Paul Merson Paul Ince Edward VIII of the United Kingdom Christopher Adams Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Rugby union positions Nottingham Forest F.C. Sportswriting Australian cricket team Millwall F.C. Sven-G__ran Eriksson Stage name Jamie Carragher Return to the Blue Lagoon Bing Crosby Gary Neville Gary Stevens February 2005 in sports Prisoner (TV series) Leicester Tigers Stanley Cup Bryan Robson Knots Landing Little Britain Brian Close 2004-05 in English football Detroit Red Wings Henry VIII of England Aston Villa F.C. Football in the United Kingdom United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics Historical members of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada (1968-2003) Toronto Blue Jays Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick British Royal Family Rod Stewart Kevin Keegan Mia Hamm English national cricket captains United States men's national soccer team England national rugby league team Ontario general election, 1990 Rangers F.C. West Indian cricket team Terry Pratchett Norway national football team Order of the Garter Viv Anderson Elizabeth of York Harvey Award Australian national rugby league team Geoffrey Chaucer Ontario general election, 1995 Anne Boleyn Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster Taken Buckinghamshire Minor characters in Monarch of the Glen Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Philip Neville George Harrison Star Trek: Enterprise Indianapolis 500 Lee Dixon Wicked (musical) Edward VII of the United Kingdom Attorney General for England and Wales Alex Rodriguez Coventry City F.C. 1731 English cricket season The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (TV series) Barenaked Ladies Wars of Scottish Independence Alex Ferguson 