don't you just love pre season matches today juventus inter deportivo real betis milan days ago yokohama f marinos barcelona esbjerg werder mallorca bayern and then u think this is just a warm up can u imagine how will season look like on this kind of results i can barca rules europe inter behind them bayern sucks same with real ha ha lol i could not agree more with you UEFA Champions League RCD Mallorca August 2005 in sports Futebol Clube do Porto Real Madrid 2005-06 in English football European Footballer of the Year FC Barcelona Real Betis Local derby December 2004 in sports November 2004 in sports September 2005 in sports Alex Ferguson RCD Espanyol Albert Luque October 2004 in sports Albacete Balompi__ La Liga Deportivo de La Coru__a February 2005 in sports Newcastle United F.C. Bayern Munich Internazionale Current sports events Werder Bremen FC Girondins de Bordeaux Manchester United 1986-1999 March 2005 in sports Deportivo Alav__s April 2005 in sports CD Numancia Aston Villa F.C. M__laga CF Bundesliga (football) Luis Figo Celtic F.C. Andriy Shevchenko Spanish Second Division B FC Schalke 04 Claudio Pizarro Christian Vieri Stadio Giuseppe Meazza Everton F.C. Hellas Verona F.C. Manchester United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Giuseppe Meazza FIFA Club World Championship October 2005 in sports Juventus F.C. Portsmouth F.C. Ronaldo Serie A Rangers F.C. Racing de Santander Football World Cup 2006 (qualification UEFA) Frankfurt International Airport Troms__ I.L. Getafe CF Jari Litmanen Adrian Mutu Frank Rijkaard A.C. Milan Ciudad de Murcia Levante UD Manchester International Airport Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Valentino Mazzola Sports timeline Luis Aragon__s Bayer Leverkusen San Marino Eduardo C__sar Gaspar Salvatore Schillaci Pavel Nedv__d Patrick Vieira Kansas City Wizards R.S.C. Anderlecht Maersk Air Leeds United F.C. Edgar Davids Antonio Cassano Jenson Button Deportivo Saprissa Barcelona Sporting Club Euroleague Barcelona International Airport David Beckham Yokohama F. Marinos Dundee United F.C. Celta Vigo Football World Cup 2002 (qualification UEFA) CD Castell__n Ravi Shastri Milan West Bromwich Albion F.C. Athletic Bilbao 