real world sydney did anyone else see real world sydney what did ya'll think about the people i already don't like trisha whose your favorite and least favorite person i think its gonna be a really interesting season right now my favorite girl is parisa she seems like the most logical my favorite guy is chohutta he seems really down to earth and he's so cute i love that fact that he's really cute and he doesnt realize it i strongly dislike trisha and kellyanne there was no reason to be so mean on the first couple of days dunbar seems cool but i think he will end up breaking up with his girlfriend and hooking up with kellyanne isaac seems funny and will probably end up hooking up with shauvon but i'm excited for the new season i think it'll be really good Jennifer Lopez Knots Landing Friends The Fairly OddParents Journey (band) Humphrey Bogart Roxette Futurama (TV series - season 2) Recurring South Park characters Saved by the Bell Little Britain Sex and the City Atomic Kitten Kodocha Days of our Lives Tony Bennett Full House The Beach Boys The Ashlee Simpson Show Futurama (TV series - season 4) Family Guy Otaku American Idiot Code: Lyoko Good Times The Mary Tyler Moore Show Jon Secada Phoebe Buffay's songs Boy Meets World Tiny Toon Adventures Sydney It's Walky! Main characters of Fullmetal Alchemist Characters in Neon Genesis Evangelion Science fiction on television Megan Griffin Cyberspace Social rule Paul Is Dead Frank Zappa Cardcaptor Sakura Isaac Newton Ranma __ characters Can't Hardly Wait Urusei Yatsura Robert A. Heinlein Garfield South Park Jonathan Archer Okashina Okashi Ron and Fez Kelly Clarkson BoA Totally Spies! Undergrads Empire Burlesque Cody Travers Teen Girl Squad Avenue Q AFI 100 Years series Bish__jo game The O.C. Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys The Adventures of Pete & Pete Dead Like Me Situation comedy Xiaolin Showdown Rocko's Modern Life The Emancipation of Mimi Excel Saga Quicksilver Messenger Service Moe Szyslak Garth Brooks Married... with Children Hey Arnold! Rich Mullins Pok__mon Live! Characters in the Smurfs Fantastic Four Buck Rogers in the 25th Century (TV series) Single certification Napoleon Dynamite Ken Chu The Monkees Paul W. S. Anderson Street-Legal Yuri Sakazaki Kyle Broflovski Something Positive Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica Bertrand Russell Fruits Basket One Tree Hill (TV series) Eric Cartman The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon D.N. Angel Satchel Paige 