please give me your take on this movie trailer i recently went to the cinema and long story short there was a movie trailer that began as a guy's farewell party to japan or something then all hell breaks loose on the streets of new york debris is flying cars are crushing civilians buildings are shattered well you get it anyone else seen this what is the monster or monsters that are doing this the most believeable explanation gets pts gimme some proof too if any first off there is no definite title for this movie right now it's untitled j j abrams project it might be called cloverfield slusho and many more to answer your question it's not godzilla j j abrams has stated this is not a prequel sequel remake etc the monster will be original and have nothing to do with other previously created monsters so all in all the director decided to keep the secret of the monster nobody knows if the monster is alien or earth based you will have to wait and see Alien races from the Godzilla films Godzilla Resident Evil Tokusatsu Mechagodzilla Horror film Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack Roswell UFO incident Godzilla vs. Gigan Mothra vs. Godzilla Godzilla vs Biollante Prequel Digimon Retcon Godzilla vs. the Sea Monster War of the Worlds (2005 film) Godzilla: Final Wars Godzilla vs. Megalon Monsterland / Monster Island Avenue Q Terror of Mechagodzilla Sin City (film) Godzilla (1954 film) Godzilla comics Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire Pixar Chrono Trigger Rodan Yu-Gi-Oh! Machinima Fanon (fiction) The Legend of Zelda series Doctor Who spin-offs King Ghidorah Hedorah, the Smog Monster Moguera SpaceGodzilla (monster) Resident Evil: Apocalypse Godzilla vs. Destoroyah Godzilla: Save the Earth Apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic science fiction Godzilla 2000: Millennium Doom (film) Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story! Superman: The Movie Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Pok__mon (anime) King Kong vs. Godzilla Bambi Meets Godzilla Godzilla: Tokyo SOS Mothra Godzilla: Destroy All Monsters Melee Sequel Godzilla vs. Megaguirus Final Fantasy The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Destoroyah Orga Trailer (movie) Gigan Aladdin (1992 film) Chuck Palahniuk Unidentified flying object Dragon Quest Eiji Tsuburaya Hammer Film Productions Transformers: Cybertron The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Tomoyuki Tanaka (producer) Destroy All Monsters Canon (fiction) Ishiro Honda Bubble Bobble Science fiction on television Kamacuras Cinema of Japan Jet Jaguar Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster Innocence: Ghost in the Shell First-person shooter Robotech Film Loch Ness Monster Scooby-Doo Godzilla Raids Again 2004 American League Championship Series Resident Evil (video game) Van Helsing Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II Final Fantasy II Godzilla (1998 film) The Return of Godzilla Godzilla vs. Mothra Doom enemies Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Kumonga Godzilla vs. Hedorah 