how why do the epl and uefa champions league play at the same time and which is more prestigeous champion's league is the continental competition and as such is the more prestigious for the most part the epl and the uefa competitions are not at the same time on the rare dates when there is a conflict the epl game is postponed until a later date when there is no uefa competition scheduled for either of the two teams it is hard on the teams to play in essentially four competitions at roughly the same time epl uefa fa cup and carling cup for some of the players who also participate on their national team which typically have euro or world cup qualifying however the competitions are scheduled so that the games are not too close together but the teams involved typically have both a weekend and a mid week match the money that a team gets for playing in europe helps them have a little bit deeper bench which helps with handling the added games UEFA Champions League Football (soccer) UEFA Cup FA Cup League Cup Bundesliga (football) UEFA National Football League Football World Cup Football in England Playoff The Football League Michael Owen Playoff format FIFA Celtic F.C. European/South American Cup Frank Lampard Ali Daei David Beckham Alex Ferguson Chelsea F.C. UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Troms__ I.L. Ra__l Gonz__lez World Series Leeds United F.C. Norway national football team IFK G__teborg Football World Cup 2006 (qualification) Blackburn Rovers F.C. UEFA Intertoto Cup Table tennis National Hockey League Andriy Shevchenko Aston Villa F.C. Kevin Keegan Newcastle United F.C. Rugby league 2003-04 in Portuguese football Jupiler League West Ham United F.C. 2004 European Football Championship Benni McCarthy Portugal national football team Round-robin tournament Sport in the United Kingdom Asian Football Confederation FA Premier League 1995-96 Stanley Cup FA Premier League 2004-05 Raith Rovers F.C. Everton F.C. Dennis Bergkamp Professional sports Germany national football team Real Madrid Gianluca Vialli July 2004 in sports British Home Championship Match fixing Rangers F.C. 2004-05 NHL lockout Coventry City F.C. Football at the Summer Olympics Ipswich Town F.C. Eredivisie Internazionale February 2005 in sports Jos__ Mourinho European Super Cup Nottingham Forest F.C. FC Barcelona September 2004 in sports Cork City F.C. June 2005 in sports All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Rugby union May 2005 in sports The Championships, Wimbledon Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. December 2004 in sports United States men's national soccer team Futebol Clube do Porto Ruud van Nistelrooy Football culture One-day cricket Primera Divisi__n de M__xico Football World Cup 1990 Italy national football team Football in Sweden Juventus F.C. AFC Champions League International League France women's national football team 