can you recommend some good novels hey lr i m open to anything really as long as its a good read something that will be hard to put down just no chick lit what genre do you like richo and i'll come back to you edit lol richo i wouldn't do the chick lit thing to you some of my personal faves have been papillon there is also the follow up 'banco' honor among thieves jeffrey archer tandia bryce courtenay the dark tower series stephen king one of the best stories ever told jaws peter benchley don't laugh the book rocks he also wrote 'the deep' and 'the island' which were great too david copperfield charles dickens the stand stephen king white teeth zadie smith hysterical the collected short stories of h g wells have a good weekend you Zadie Smith Charles Dickens Stephen King Literature David Copperfield (novel) Discworld C. S. Lewis Jaws (film) Conan the Barbarian The Foundation Series Mercedes Lackey Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Humphrey Bogart Hysterical realism Hans Christian Andersen RuneScape quests The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Novel Randall Flagg James Tait Black Memorial Prize Robert Graves Arthur Machen The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll The Cure The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (film) Arthur C. Clarke Neil Gaiman Stephen Baxter Dean Koontz AFI 100 Years series History of modern literature Terry Pratchett The Unquiet Dead P. G. Wodehouse The Stand Star Wars Celebrity appearances in Doctor Who Academy Award for Original Music Score Anne Rice Steven Spielberg Eric Flint Time Out of Mind Friends British Fantasy Award Sonic the Hedgehog The Dark Tower (series) Expanded Universe (Star Wars) Bible H. G. Wells Fight Club Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Grendel (comics) Moby-Dick Have I Got News For You Ramsey Campbell Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword Archery The Godfather Crime fiction G. K. Chesterton Martin Amis Modesty Blaise Kodocha Great Expectations Robert Benchley Harlan Ellison Gene Wolfe Edgar Wallace The Catcher in the Rye Gormenghast Jonathan Wild Ocean's Twelve The Sandman (DC Comics Modern Age) Saul Bellow Fahrenheit 451 Procrastination Country music L. Sprague de Camp Cthulhu Stage name Blood on the Tracks Academy Award for Best Art Direction Biblical canon Extreme Programming C__line Dion Douglas Adams Machinima Harry Potter Unreleased Madonna songs Academy Award for Film Editing Shaggy dog story Doctor (Doctor Who) World Fantasy Award for Best Novel The Spy Who Loved Me The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars Pakistani cricket team in West Indies in 2005 Gary Gygax Jack Chick Theory of conduct Alan Moore 