has anyone read worlds apart by lindsay lee johnson if so could you give me interesting detaisl and a short summary on it i'm going to a book club tomorrow and i can't read another page bc i think its boring please well by now your book club meeting is over with sorry no one answered the question to help you however just because it's a book the book club wants everyone to read you do have every right to be totally bored with it and stop reading it that is your honest reaction to the book i would better go to the meeting and say well sorry folks but i could not get passed page xx because i found it totally boring why well the plot never and explain why you found it boring that criticism of the book is just as legitimate as one by someone who has read it and loved it good luck with the next book I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Theory of conduct Frank Herbert Fight Club Book of Mormon Chuck Palahniuk Scientology beliefs and practices Plame affair God Emperor of Dune Extreme Programming The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) Singlish Intelligent design movement Paul von Hindenburg Martial Sydney Riot of 1879 Queer as Folk (U.S.) Dr. No Bernard Williams A Course In Miracles The Chronicles of Narnia The Pilgrim's Progress Bj__rn Lomborg Past teachings of Prem Rawat The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe One Tree Hill (TV series) Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Team America: World Police The Amber Spyglass John Rawls The Lovely Bones Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Kevin Smith Northern Lights (novel) Douglas Adams Condon Committee The Subtle Knife Mary Wollstonecraft The Onion Shrek 2 Publication of Darwin's theory Discordianism W. C. Fields GED Eli Siegel Intelligent design Fort Ashby, West Virginia Kurt Cobain C. S. Lewis Hard Times Crossword A Series of Unfortunate Events Sharon Tate James D. Watson The Brothers Karamazov Legal research Jacob Neusner American and British English differences The Young Ones (TV series) Kodocha The Critic James Bond parodies Our Gang Aldous Huxley Socrates Beetle in an Anthill The writing of Principia Mathematica Professional wrestling slang Delta State My Parents are Aliens Garfield Jean-Jacques Rousseau Teach the Controversy Jim Steranko Amateur astronomy Marbury v. Madison The Catcher in the Rye Press Your Luck What's My Line? Incarnations of Immortality Current teachings of Prem Rawat Philosophy of science Ludwig Wittgenstein Modesty Blaise J. R. R. Tolkien Reaction to Darwin's theory Witchcraft Bill Peet The Rutles Little Britain Yusuf al-Qaradawi Good Morning, Vietnam Scrooge McDuck Boy Meets World Arsenal F.C. Watch the K-Foundation Burn a Million Quid Escape from New York 