what are the best books to have read before going into high school books i read the great gatsby catcher in the rye for whom the bell tolls a farewell to arms i am reading anna karenina what do you recommend i want to be very well read by the time i am done with freshman year what are some very classical books i should read i also read alot of stupid books ofcourse well i'm in high school and you should read glory field and friends your going to need it http z invisionfree com mykindaplace index php Anna Karenina The Catcher in the Rye J. D. Salinger For Whom the Bell Tolls Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology The Great Gatsby Ernest Hemingway Student Baseball The Bell Jar C. S. Lewis Graduate school Narrator Bobby Knight Advanced Placement Program HyperText Transfer Protocol Yearbook Sandy Koufax Apache HTTP Server Catcher Ajax (programming) Moe Berg PHP-Nuke Richey James Edwards Captcha The Nameless Novel St. John's College, U. S. Subplot Classical education Madison Grant Novel Sally Ann Howes Beowulf Academy Award for Original Music Score Marcel Proust Greta Garbo Satchel Paige Roots: The Saga of an American Family Kodocha A Farewell to Kings Gramophone record The Old Man and the Sea Saint Petersburg Short message service Mortimer Adler Mike Piazza PNG Avantasia Web server Adolescence Suicide Academy Award for Best Cinematography Buddenbrooks Academy Award for Costume Design The Prince of Tennis Georgia Institute of Technology David O. Selznick F. Scott Fitzgerald Harvard Classics Gmail Winona Ryder University of California, Irvine Funeral of Pope John Paul II Compact disc Crime fiction Index Librorum Prohibitorum Phillips Exeter Academy Babe Ruth The Country Wife Canonical hours Anna Louise Strong CPU cache F. R. Leavis The Diary of a Young Girl Boston College Johnny Bench One Tree Hill (TV series) Book collecting Leo Tolstoy The Adventures of Pete & Pete Iliad Associative array Quotation mark New York Yankees Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex George School RuneScape quests BitTorrent CPAN Sextant Sam Waterston Los Angeles Dodgers Major League Baseball television contracts General relativity resources Web crawler Lowell High School (San Francisco) Blog Camille Paglia 