can harry potter books be recognized to have artistic literary value and do people who study english literature recognize harry potter books to have value as literature as in valuable artistically i'm curious to know to reword the question does harry potter have literary merit generally speaking the artistic value of books like the hp series takes a while to be judged your question would be much easier to answer in a few years i loved the series but the books are very plot driven and don't carry as much character development and depth as most great novels the writing improves throughout the series i doubt that any critic of english literature would consider the first books to be of great artistic value i'm including this link to an article about whether the harry potter novels should be included in college courses i hope this will help you to understand the academic debate surrounding your question http www thedaily washington edu article harrypottergoestocollege Literature Harry Potter Canon (fiction) Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Children's literature Harry Potter: Book Seven Novel Canadian literature Genre fiction Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) J. K. Rowling Harry Potter (character) Translation Harry Potter fandom Fictional character C. S. Lewis GED Hogwarts Anglo-Saxon literature Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Hermione Granger Doctor Who spin-offs Harry Potter in translation Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Frank Herbert Stephen Potter Literary criticism Young adult literature Minor Hufflepuffs Ron Weasley Horace Slughorn Philosophy Fan fiction Magical objects in Harry Potter Hogwarts subjects Literary theory Minor Ravenclaws Alain-Ren__ Lesage Dialect Advanced Placement Program Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Rita Skeeter English literature The Giver Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) Rabindranath Tagore Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Education in Romania Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets A. S. Byatt Biblical inerrancy World Wide Web William A. Dembski Biblical canon Ginny Weasley Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Socrates Jacob Neusner Book of Revelation Roe v. Wade Severus Snape Sequel National Certificate of Educational Achievement New Testament Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Chinese language R.A.B. Minor Slytherins William Shakespeare Hogwarts Houses Chuck Palahniuk Cho Chang Diagon Alley Documentary hypothesis Aldous Huxley Wizarding world Software engineering Ayn Rand Minor characters associated with Quidditch Esperanto as an international language Fredric Jameson The Tale of Genji Education in the People's Republic of China The Brothers Karamazov African American literature Wizard The Chronicles of Narnia The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy M*A*S*H (TV series) Mishneh Torah Sydney Riot of 1879 John Steinbeck Restoration literature Vladimir Nabokov Uncle Tom's Cabin James Bond Jewish studies Franz Boas J. R. R. Tolkien 