what nicholas sparks book is it where the man goes to the diner and asks the waitress out every week it's the guardian i know his books very well he is amazing and he is a wonderful writer with heartfelt stories Garfield John W. Campbell Jack Kirby The Lovely Bones Simpsons Comics Coldplay Science fiction magazine The Amazing Spider-Man Douglas Adams Saul Bellow Rod Stewart Susan Sontag Paradise Lost Anne Rice Children's literature Nicolas Cage Christmas Mary Jane Watson Alice (TV series) John Romita, Jr. A. S. Byatt Will Eisner J. Michael Straczynski Santa Claus Science fiction Five Easy Pieces Threads (Stargate SG-1) Kyle Rayner Nurse Betty The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Sin City Characters of The Sandman Catch phrase The Emancipation of Mimi Laci Peterson Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Grant Morrison G. K. Chesterton Tom's Diner Knots Landing Amazing Stories (television) Steve Ditko George Abbott The Aventis Prizes for Science Books Saint Nicholas Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an The Postman Always Rings Twice Patton (film) Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Rove Live Superhero I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Series finale The Shadows Terry Pratchett Enough Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man Ross Andru Atlas Comics (1950s) Mirror, Mirror (TV series) James Bond L. Frank Baum Fahrenheit (video game) Hugo Award The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay Yusuf al-Qaradawi Jung Chang Land of Oz Kate Wilhelm Fridays Silver Age of Comic Books Fiddler on the Roof The Catcher in the Rye Lensman Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete Singapore gay literature Paul Auster Harry Potter Don McGregor The Time Machine W.I.T.C.H. Amazing Stories The Curse of Fenric Chuck Cunningham syndrome Cenodoxus First appearance Anthony Burgess KROQ Top 106.7 Countdown of 1982 Nicholas I of Russia Zadie Smith Ursula K. Le Guin The Barber of Seville Fallen Angel (1945 film) Amazing Fantasy Gerry Conway Patrick Haseldine Nick Berg John Peel Do As Infinity Jeremy Rifkin 