a serious jack kerouac question what was kerouac's contribution to literature as compared to hemingway bukowski hayden or thoureau or just in general thanks p s sterling hayden wrote his s autobiography wanderer detailing his vagabond drifter sailor acting existence from the depresson through he too was an alcoholic depressive he's really seen as the first of the beat generation to be recognized although william burroughs was really the father of the movement on the road created an american vision for the post wwii years just as hemingway did for post wwi expatriates and bukowski did for post vietnam and watergate what these guys somewhat had in common except thoreau was the hard drinking poor artist who lives life to the fullest mentality i don't know about hayden i haven't heard of him Charles Bukowski Beat generation Ernest Hemingway Literature of the United States Gary Snyder Allen Ginsberg On the Road Bill Hayden Kurt Cobain Herbert Huncke Sterling Hayden Autobiographical novel William S. Burroughs F. Scott Fitzgerald Buddhism French literature of the 20th century Hubert Selby Jr. History of the United States Existentialism Poetry of the United States Joan Vollmer Neal Cassady Lowell, Massachusetts Bill W. Roaring Twenties Tom Hayden Naked Lunch Henry David Thoreau Platoon (film) Howard Zinn Anthony Burgess African American literature Alcoholics Anonymous Robert Frank W. Mark Felt Underground culture Governor-General of Australia Alcoholism Gertrude Stein Joseph Heller William S. Burroughs Jr. William Faulkner Ex-gay James Joyce The Town and the City Modernist poetry in English Once Upon a Time in the West Vince Gair Gregory Corso Demographics Tax resistance Brian Jones (musician) Tank Frederick Douglass Charles Ives Donovan Bob Hawke T-34 John Berryman Picaresque novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Johnny Cash American liberalism Watergate scandal Good Morning, Vietnam Alcohol The Subterraneans History of the United States (1964-1980) Opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War San Francisco Renaissance Kim Philby Michael J. Bernard The Shining (film) 1970s John Dos Passos Roman __ clef Resurrection of Jesus Prem Rawat Family Guy Mark Twain British honours system History of science fiction Peter Allen The Garden of Eden Literature The Drifters Chinese language Refugee Tom Waits Hugo Award for Best Fan Writer Denver, Colorado G.I. Generation The Ashlee Simpson Show Autobiography Axel Jensen Humphrey Bogart Back to the land 