what should i read now ok so ive just finished reading the stephenie meyer series again ive read them all like a billion times so what should i read now i ve already read a great and terrible beauty and sequel inheritance series land of elyon series wicked series by nancy holder incantation fairest and a lot of other ones so what should i read next that is within that category of literature any answer is ecepted unless u dont even answer the question thanks and the harry potter series idc that it is two its summer vacation get over it i read educational stuff all the time i just read mythology by edith hamilton and it was great and it was a college book i read it in th grade i love history too and i read all about people like annie oakley and all the preidents and stuff so please just give me a good fantasy i like shakespeare by the way im not in the mood for education its summer fantasy please by the way i like jodi picoult just a heads up books by christoper pike kid to teen stuff weird things stephen king adult horror dean r koontz adult horror always something sexy james patterson mystery and horror v c andrews dabbles in horror you should read the dollanganger series really fasinating and good Young adult literature Dean Koontz Harry Potter Horror fiction Fantasy Stephen King Arthur Machen Atlas Comics (1950s) J. R. R. Tolkien Silent Hill A Series of Unfortunate Events Education Literature The Chronicles of Narnia The Simpsons Necronomicon Comedy film Fictional character The Lord of the Rings DC Comics Academy Award for Original Music Score Horror film C. S. Lewis H.P. Lovecraft William Shakespeare Science fiction Wheel of Fortune Guiding Light Treehouse of Horror XI Buffy the Vampire Slayer Eighty-second United States Congress Jeopardy! Lin Carter AVN Awards Philosophy Elf Intelligent design movement Canon (fiction) Treehouse of Horror II Academy Award for Costume Design American Pie (song) AFI 100 Years series Treehouse of Horror V Genre fiction The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Kain (Legacy of Kain) Magical objects in Harry Potter Crime fiction The Demon Headmaster Ambrose Bierce Severus Snape Children's literature Final Fantasy: Unlimited Wizard Discworld Empire Burlesque Academy Award for Best Art Direction Cinema of the United Kingdom Science fiction on television Sherlock Holmes British Fantasy Award Miranda Richardson Charles Ives The Doctor Dances Neil Gaiman Little Britain Series finale Ken Jennings Bat Lash History of modern literature Sequel Time Out of Mind Ken Grimwood Hammer Film Productions Tiny Toon Adventures The Phantom of the Opera 1970s Robert A. Heinlein GED Anglo-Saxon literature John of England Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Harry Potter (character) Clark Ashton Smith Louis MacNeice The Spy Who Loved Me The Adventures of Pete & Pete Ghost Shrek 2 Education in Romania Ramsey Campbell Treehouse of Horror III Jim Steranko Avenue Q Fantasy subgenres House of Leaves Ginny Weasley J. K. Rowling Rock Follies 