do you like the author james patterson he is one of my favourites i do like him a lot whenever i pick up a patterson novel the fast writing style and short chapters make me feel like i just can't put the book down Fort Ashby, West Virginia USS Patterson (DD-392) Don Rosa Terry Pratchett James Patterson (Australian politician) James Patterson James Joyce Gospel of Thomas Sonic the Hedgehog Book of Daniel West Indian cricket team Book of Isaiah New York Giants G. I. Gurdjieff Book of Mormon Ulysses (novel) Fast bowling James Colebrooke Patterson Creation according to Genesis Chuck Palahniuk Fireback For Better or For Worse Gambling Books on cryptography Robert Jordan Clair Cameron Patterson Patterson Thompson James Bond comic strips New Testament The Contender (television series) Pennsylvania Railroad The Catcher in the Rye Robert A. Heinlein Book of Joshua Matthew 4 NCR Corporation Pierre Clemont Floyd Patterson Discordianism John Malcom Patterson The Devil Wears Prada Church of Christ, Scientist Augusta, Lady Gregory Bible James Cagney United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics 2005 ICC Intercontinental Cup Genesis Didache Skateboarding trick Patterson-Gimlin film Highway 61 Revisited I, the Jury The Day America Told The Truth Trapped in the Closet A Tale of a Tub C. S. Lewis Whose Line Is It Anyway? Ian Fleming Publications The Gathering demo party Eric Idle Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. 'Salem's Lot Equine conformation Raymond Benson The Drifters Francis Crick James Bond Anathema (band) Tacitus Ole Anderson King James Version of the Bible Rudyard Kipling Mineral County, West Virginia Acts of the Apostles Biblical canon Denis Law Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 16 Novel Roald Dahl Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown) George Orwell In Search of Lost Time J. R. R. Tolkien USS Patterson (DD-36) Wright-Patterson Air Force Base The Tale of Genji Delta Tau Delta Tea Classics F. Matthias Alexander James Fenimore Cooper Acting President of the United States Books of Samuel H2G2 Psalms Purim Natural Hygiene June 2004 in sports Martial Kay Patterson 