does anyone have a strong dislike of harry potter or is it just me my personal issue is the poor editing and lack of original metaphor and symbolism another issue is the mediocrity of the storyline my personal issue is the poor editing and lack of original metaphor and symbolism another issue is the mediocrity of the storyline eta because some of the responses seem to not be understanding how i got to this point yes i've read all books i have a year old sister and make a point of reading these books with and for her also not deliberately looking for trouble i neither attacked the readers or the commercialism just the actual literary theory and rhetorics i'm merely looking for responses in which someone can provide constructive critical responses which means both positive and negative reviews if you didn't like harry potter try these instead http www life after harry potter com included is a list of only the best sorcery fantasy books grade reading level and a short review of each book i hope this helps jim Harry Potter Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Literature Hermione Granger Joseph Campbell Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Cyberspace Marshall McLuhan Paul W. S. Anderson Deconstruction Philosophy of language Harold Bloom Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Harry Potter in translation Jacob Neusner Hogwarts J. R. R. Tolkien The Skeptical Environmentalist Science fiction Rhetoric Fan fiction Metaphor Translation Frank Herbert Grade (education) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Michael Moorcock Walter J. Ong Minor Hufflepuffs Ginny Weasley Postmodernism The Lord of the Rings Literary theory Mary Sue Intelligent design Albus Dumbledore James and Lily Potter FanFiction.Net George Lakoff Gospel of John Philosophy Robert A. Heinlein Marcel Proust James Bond Motivation Literacy Discworld DC Comics A Course In Miracles The Giver Chick Publications Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film) Cyberpunk Severus Snape GED Neuro-linguistic programming Internet troll Fighting Fantasy Game Books Scientology beliefs and practices Creation according to Genesis Minor Ravenclaws Harry Potter fandom Minor Slytherins The Bell Curve Fair use A Series of Unfortunate Events Asperger syndrome Ramakrishna Patriotism Alan Moore Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban A. S. Byatt C. S. Lewis Magic (paranormal) Goodness and value theory Chuck Palahniuk Mary Wollstonecraft Sonic the Hedgehog Democratic Party (United States) Irony Dyslexia Transactional analysis Treasure Planet Neil Gaiman Canon (fiction) Book of Mormon IBM PC compatible Superhero Ye Shengtao Psychoanalysis Tetragrammaton Laserdisc Literary criticism Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Ron Weasley 