is it fitting that barry bonds breaks the career hr record yet the team still loses barry gets the glory and attention yet at the end of the night the team did not win barry is priority team is second i am a giants fan first barry defender second don't blame bonds for lack of leadership by brian sabean and peter magowan for surrounding him players who can't perform that is not his problem but the problem of management barry has said time and again that he would rather have a ring than a record who wouldn't they had a chance against the angels in and didn't make it happen question when aaron broke the record in ' how did the braves do that season Barry Bonds San Francisco Giants World Series Babe Ruth St. Louis Cardinals Alex Ferguson Dallas Cowboys Los Angeles Dodgers Los Angeles Clippers Cincinnati Reds 1957 World Series New York Knicks Aston Villa F.C. Houston Rockets Cincinnati Bengals Toronto Blue Jays Jeff Kent Leeds United F.C. Willie Mays October 4 in baseball Rickey Henderson Oakland Athletics Sandy Koufax Rangers F.C. Wayne Gretzky History of baseball in the United States Chicago Cubs Mois__s Alou Pete Rose Troy Glaus Boston Bruins Toronto Raptors Cleveland Browns Cork City F.C. Los Angeles Kings Boston Red Sox Pittsburgh Pirates Satchel Paige Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Indiana Pacers Reggie Jackson Chicago White Sox New York Giants The Joker's Wild New York Mets Barry Windham The Apprentice 2 Seattle Mariners Nolan Ryan Detroit Tigers San Antonio Spurs Andr__s Galarraga New Jersey Nets Interleague play Super Bowl XXVI West Bromwich Albion F.C. New York Rangers Miami Dolphins Stone Cold Steve Austin Brett Favre Gary Sheffield Newcastle United F.C. Mark Calaway Celtic F.C. Philadelphia 76ers October 27 in baseball Robin Ventura Barry Switzer Milwaukee Brewers New Orleans Saints Detroit Red Wings Tris Speaker Peter Shilton Florida Marlins Major League Baseball All-Star Game October 20 in baseball Philadelphia Flyers International League Casey Stengel Knots Landing Cleveland Indians Paul Wight Ty Cobb Super Bowl XXVII West Ham United F.C. Barry Darsow Torquay United F.C. Ron Gant NBA Finals 2005 World Series Baseball Sammy Sosa Don Hoak 