who's greater richard petty or dale sr or someone else david pearson d w im a huge sr fan and i will definitely say the sport is suffering without him its just not the same but the king is the king the silver fox was legendary and dw bill elliot neil bonnet alan kulwicki the allisons all those guys were great today its more about money than competition but no one was better at taking a th place car and beating and banging his way to the front than big e NASCAR Thunder 2004 Bristol Motor Speedway Pepsi 400 Darrell Waltrip Lake Speed NEXTEL Cup Coca-Cola 600 Alan Kulwicki NASCAR NASCAR's 50 Greatest Drivers Crystal Palace F.C. Subway 400 Mountain Dew Southern 500 Newcastle United F.C. Richard Petty International Motorsports Hall of Fame Dale Earnhardt Talladega Superspeedway Hendrick Motorsports Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Tony Stewart Ontario general election, 1981 Guitarist The Bill Bobby Allison Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles International Race of Champions Ernie Irvan George III of the United Kingdom Los Angeles Kings Indianapolis 500 New York Giants The Contender (television series) The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (TV series) Manchester City F.C. Sunday Times Rich List 2004 Scuderia Ferrari Tony Award for Best Musical Married... with Children Sportswriting Ninety-fifth United States Congress Eisner Award The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Order of Canada Fox Broadcasting Company Chip Ganassi Racing Jeff Gordon Leeds United F.C. Bill Elliott Robert De Niro Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War Futurama King of the Hill (TV series) Empire Burlesque Gliding 1896 Summer Olympics Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical Eric Bischoff Pink Floyd Country music William Pitt the Younger Manchester United F.C. Green Lantern April 2005 in sports The Drifters Penske Racing Grandview, U.S.A. Carolina Panthers The Rolling Stones Portsmouth F.C. Live Aid Fox News Professional wrestling slang Sheffield United F.C. Dodge Charger Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay Oasis (band) Australia at the 2004 Summer Olympics Manitoba general election, 1995 Grammy Awards of 2001 West Ham United F.C. The Basement Tapes The Wack Pack Canada's Walk of Fame Doug Neil Bonnett Big Bang Timeline of trends in music from the United States (1930-1970) Academy Award for Original Music Score Satchel Paige Alan Partridge Chu-Han contention Dale Earnhardt, Jr. The Amazing Race Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim KISS (band) Essendon Football Club The Wedding Present Daytona International Speedway 