Lung fluid dynamics and supply dependency of oxygen uptake during experimental endotoxic shock and volume resuscitation.
 BACKGROUND AND METHODS: We studied the effect of volume resuscitation on lung fluid balance and systemic oxygen extraction during septic shock in eight anesthetized dogs.
 Sepsis was induced using a 2-hr continuous infusion of Escherichia coli endotoxin at 0.25 micrograms/min.kg.
 Relationships between oxygen uptake (VO2) and oxygen supply (DO2) were performed acutely during stepwise controlled decrements in cardiac output by progressive inflation of an intracardiac balloon.
 At each stage, DO2 and corresponding VO2 were measured independently and the individual critical DO2 level was referred to as the point below which the relationship held.
 The slope of such a constructed relationship was defined as the maximal oxygen extraction ratio.
 Lung fluid balance was assessed by measurements of extravascular lung water.
 All values were studied at baseline, after endotoxin insult, and after reversing hypotension by a 10% dextran infusion.
 RESULTS: Endotoxin infusion led to a shock state that associated hypotension (from 135 to 63 mm Hg) with increases in blood lactate (from 0.53 to 3.9 mmol/L).
 The mean critical DO2 and maximal oxygen extraction ratio were significantly altered from 7.9 to 17.8 mL/min.kg and from 0.81 to 0.38, respectively.
 After reversing hypotension by 28 mL/kg colloid infusion, the critical DO2 (11.4 mL/min.kg) and maximal oxygen extraction ratio (0.48) were significantly improved.
 However, restoration of normal values required a state of fluid overload by further dextran infusion (8 mL/kg).
 At the end of the fluid challenge, extravascular lung water significantly increased from 6.4 to 17.4 mL/kg.
 CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that volume loading may reverse endotoxin-induced peripheral perfusion abnormalities.
 However, substantial pulmonary edema may occur, possibly jeopardizing the beneficial effects of fluid expansion.
