Emergency department stabilization of pediatric patients with bacterial meningitis. Current advances.
 The infant or child who presents to the Emergency Department with bacterial meningitis may have nonspecific vague symptoms with few signs of serious illness.
 However, the disease is often rapidly progressive and life-threatening, and may be associated with respiratory failure, circulatory failure, increased intracranial pressure, disseminated intravascular coagulation, or convulsions, any of which may lead to a fatal outcome.
 It is important for the triage technician in an Emergency Department to cautiously inspect each young patient who presents with illness, carefully considering whether the presenting syndrome of symptoms and signs might be consistent with early meningitis.
 If the young patient is triaged in a nonemergent category, then periodic assessments of the patients waiting to be seen may ensure that, when the infant or child with an obscure presentation develops evidence suggesting this diagnosis, the triage technician will promptly notify the appropriate definitive care providers who assume responsibility for immediate definitive evaluation and stabilization.
 Changes in delivery of lifesaving care to the life-threatened child are being impacted by current advances in the understanding of the biochemical basis of disease at the cellular and subcellular levels.
 Endotoxin release into the blood causes increased production of kinins, which results in vasodilatation and increased vascular permeability.
 Members of the leukotriene family may also enhance vascular permeability as well as produce augmented leukocyte aggregation to vascular endothelium, vasoconstriction, and bronchoconstriction.
 Endotoxin activates the complement cascade and induces platelets to form reversible aggregates that may be trapped in the pulmonary microcirculation; and endotoxemia-activated platelets release serotonin, which may be associated with pulmonary hypertension.
 Now that we have antibiotics that are effective against organisms whose degradation produces endotoxin, there is interest in lessening the host inflammatory response to endotoxin through use of dexamethasone as an anti-inflammatory agent.
 Clinical trials have revealed that patients who received dexamethasone became afebrile earlier and were less likely to acquire deafness after bacterial meningitis.
 Because administration of antibiotics is the current specific medical therapy for this life-threatening microbial invasion, it is reasonable to continue to strive to shorten the interval between recognition of disease and specific therapy.
 However, new studies suggest that consequences of the complex host inflammatory response (at the cellular and subcellular level) to microbial invasion and endotoxin release from bacterial degradation are increasingly important in determining survival or severity of morbidity.
 Therapeutic intervention with specific antibiotics and steroid anti-inflammatory agents for modulating host responses enhances outcome.
