Splenic macrophage function in early syphilitic infection is complex. Stimulation versus down-regulation.
 Macrophages are important regulatory cells that can both stimulate and down-regulate various immune functions.
 During syphilitic infection, these cells phagocytize, kill, and lyse Treponema pallidum.
 They also modulate early T cell activation by decreasing IL-2 production through secretion of PG.
 This report focuses on additional complexities of macrophage regulation.
 Non-adherent splenic cells were stimulated with Con A to induce IFN-gamma synthesis.
 High levels were detected in preparations from normal rabbits and much lower levels in preparations from infected rabbits.
 The organisms also readily stimulated IL-1 synthesis by adherent spleen preparations from normal but not from infected rabbits.
 When indomethacin was added to these latter preparations, this IL-1 defect was reversed, implicating PG in this down-regulation.
 Spleen cells were obtained from normal rabbits and from rabbits infected testicularly for 9 to 12 days.
 Infection elevated basal levels of class II Ia Ag on adherent cells.
 In addition, macrophage Ia expression was increased during 4 days of in vitro incubation with treponemes.
 Non-adherent spleen cells from infected animals inhibited two different macrophage functions.
 First, culture filtrates obtained after 48 h of incubation contained a soluble factor that subsequently decreased LPS-induced IL-1 synthesis.
 Second, when macrophages were co-incubated with non-adherent cells, treponemal stimulation of macrophage Ia expression was inhibited; this inhibition was reversed by indomethacin implicating prostaglandins in this down-regulation.
 In further experiments an exogenous source of IFN-gamma was incubated with adherent cells from infected rabbits.
 This stimulated macrophage function as shown by increased IL-1 synthesis and Ia expression and decreased PGE2 secretion.
 Results are discussed in terms of the complexities of immunoregulation by macrophages during syphilitic infection.
