will arsene give theo walcott a proper chance this season or too risky for my fantasy football team i'm in the telegraph fantasy football thing and with henry gone feel that walcott might get a chance but he is still a bit skin and bone compared to no nonsense premiership defenders do you reckon he'll get a proper chance in the team this season if he does do you think he will get his quality to quickly pay dividends or will he need a longer need a settling in period do you think he would be a good pick for my ff team or too risky telegraph only allows player selection and no subs superior cackasoid that link has nothing to do with football stop wasting internet storage resources with your useless answers jk thegooner thanks for the info which i've been absorbing i just did a bit of research and found there is a fine line at arsenal between attacking midfielder striker http www arsenal com squad asp thisnav first team rvp striker da silva striker ade striker hleb attacking midfielder bentner striker on loan at birmingham theo attacking midfielder also thanks red d i'm thinking you are both right for telling me to be cautious about theo because of perhaps restricted opportunities and because we don't fully know how he will take to full on premiership football week in week out he's good for sure but still got consistency to prove as a big arsenal fan i would have to say no theo won't get a regular spot as a striker in the line up this season rvp da silva ade hleb bentner theo his is way down the pecking order i'm afraid Alex Ferguson Leeds United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Newcastle United F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Everton F.C. Nottingham Forest F.C. Chelsea F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Frank Lampard Rangers F.C. 2004-05 in English football Dennis Bergkamp Football (soccer) positions FA Premier League 1994-95 Millwall F.C. Swindon Town F.C. David Beckham Bryan Robson Tottenham Hotspur F.C. West Ham United F.C. Arsenal F.C. FA Premier League 1995-96 Midfielder Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Football (soccer) Blackburn Rovers F.C. American football FA Cup Sheffield United F.C. Lech Pozna__ Manchester United 1986-1999 Paul Ince Jos__ Mourinho Buffalo Bills England national football team Portsmouth F.C. Queens Park Rangers F.C. Steve McManaman Fulham F.C. Michael Owen Coventry City F.C. Tranmere Rovers F.C. History of Arsenal F.C. FA Premier League Norwich City F.C. Robert Pir__s Pittsburgh Steelers Sunderland A.F.C. Liverpool F.C. Viking F.K. Striker Alan Ball (footballer) San Francisco 49ers Brian Close Real Madrid National Football League Alan Shearer Norman Hunter Graeme Souness Gordon Strachan Bobby Charlton FA Premier League 2003-04 Manchester United F.C. Oldham Athletic A.F.C. Lee Dixon Farnborough Town F.C. Nigel Winterburn Claudio Ranieri F.C. United of Manchester Ajax Amsterdam FA Premier League 2002-03 Fielding (cricket) Bowl Championship Series Watford F.C. Viv Anderson New York Giants Football chant Forfar Athletic F.C. Beitar Jerusalem FC Crystal Palace F.C. R.S.C. Anderlecht Australian rules football Manchester United 1945-1969 Kevin Campbell (footballer) Emile Heskey Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Peter Reid Luton Town F.C. The Football League Denis Law 