maria sharapova why so many people think she is one of the best players in the world most of the people think she is the best only because is is a tall blond girl who know how to sell her image when she won that wimbledon final i saw a good and talented tennis player with a bright future ahead but now i don't think the same way any more she still have good shots but just doesn't seam to me that she got what it takes to be the best has no passion any more during a match all you see on her face is struggle Andy Roddick Andre Agassi Roger Federer Pete Sampras Tennis at the 2004 Summer Olympics Rafael Nadal Lleyton Hewitt John McEnroe Carlos Moy__ Steffi Graf Mark Philippoussis Alex Ferguson Norway national football team Juan Carlos Ferrero New York Giants Anna Kournikova New England Patriots Bobby Charlton Virginia Ruano Pascual David Nalbandian Nikolay Davydenko Greg Rusedski Crystal Palace F.C. 2005 US Open U.S. Open (tennis) June 2005 in sports Pittsburgh Steelers Bj__rn Borg St. Louis Rams Younes El Aynaoui Portsmouth F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Fernando Gonz__lez Draw poker Ivan Lendl Chicago Bulls Dulwich Hamlet F.C. Bryan Robson New York Knicks Tim Henman Mardy Fish June 2004 in sports Norwich City F.C. Volleyball Lindsay Davenport 2005 NBA Finals Counter-Strike Paola Su__rez Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Boston Bruins Houston Rockets Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Toronto Raptors Los Angeles Kings Andr__s Galarraga New York Yankees July 2005 in sports England national football team International League Atlanta Flames Sergi Bruguera Super Mario Bros. Semi Automatic Ground Environment Davis Cup Civilization (computer game) Heinkel He 100 Cleveland Browns Wahoo McDaniel Joe Thomas Justine Henin-Hardenne Super Mario Advance 4 Association of Tennis Professionals Essendon Football Club Mandy Moore Andrew Murray (tennis player) Toronto Maple Leafs Chicago Blackhawks Tennis Boris Becker Ravi Shastri Billiards Sheffield United F.C. Forfar Athletic F.C. Tennis Masters Cup Jack Charlton Detroit Red Wings Monty Hall problem Philadelphia 76ers Marathon (computer game) Halo: Combat Evolved Pok__mon Ruby and Sapphire FIFA Series Ivo Karlovi__ June 2005 in Britain and Ireland Snooker 2000 Summer Olympics 