true or false the south used the cotton to try and forge alliances with foreign nations during the civil war part of lincons plan for reconstruction was to have percent of southern voters to pledge their loyalty to the constitustion the norths population allowed it to raise large amires the fourteenth amendment attempted to precent the states from interfering with the rights of citizens and punished the states that limited voting rights for men false there was no atempt to percent the states from anything prevent maybe but not percent g day Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution American Civil War Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Politics of the United States Article One of the United States Constitution Separation of church and state First Amendment to the United States Constitution American Civil Rights Movement (1896-1954) Tennessee State Constitution Democratic Party (United States) Southern United States Jim Crow law Same-sex marriage in the United States Russ Feingold Democracy United States Constitution Hillary Rodham Clinton Barbara Boxer History of South Africa in the apartheid era Desegregation U.S. Electoral College History of the United States (1789-1849) Politics of Canada Politics of Russia American Civil Rights Movement (1955-1968) Reconstruction Supreme Court of the United States Gerrymandering Lawrence v. Texas Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Separation of church and state in the United States Conscription History of the United States Elections in the United States 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Franklin D. Roosevelt Corporate personhood New Deal Freedom of speech Congress of the United States United States House of Representatives Election Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution European influence in Afghanistan Nadir of American race relations Republican Party (United States) European Convention on Human Rights Due process Politics of Germany Origins of the American Civil War American Conservatism History of the Southern United States Equal Protection Clause Same-sex marriage John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004 History of the United States (1964-1980) Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe African Americans in the United States Congress Constitution of Iraq Civil union Amendments to the Constitution of Ireland Lynching in the United States United States Senate Ralph Nader Privacy Politics of the People's Republic of China 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio British House of Commons Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Congressional power of enforcement Florida Constitution Zimbabwe parliamentary elections, 2005 James G. Blaine U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Yellow Ribbon campaign (Fiji) Pledge of Allegiance Civil Rights Act of 1957 Tariff History of Maryland Civil rights Second Amendment to the United States Constitution French rule in Algeria History of slavery in the United States George W. Bush Government of India Act 1935 Double jeopardy Civil Rights Cases Florida Central Voter File History of Alabama Plessy v. Ferguson Ku Klux Klan Utah Politics of Belarus Women's suffrage Moore v. Dempsey President of Germany Article Five of the United States Constitution 