why did the american public believed nixon should have been removed from office after the watergate scandal no one knows what if any involvement nixon had in the watergate break in my own feeling is that he was far too shrewd a politician to become involved in anything of the sort especially as he was unquestionably headed for a landslide in at the same time he definitely attempted to cover up the indisputable involvement of high level members of his administration including his attorney general and top white house aides to do this he lied under oath of course another recent president did that too but it is arguable that attempting to subvert the electoral process is more significant than sexual misconduct however vile it is by no means clear that the majority of the american public believed nixon should be removed from office but he likely would have been it is to his credit that he resigned rather than enlarge the scandal in the midst of national turmoil Watergate scandal President of the United States Democratic Party (United States) John Dean W. Mark Felt Richard Nixon L. Patrick Gray Republican Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1976 Vice President of the United States Political scandals of the United States History of the United States (1964-1980) Speaker of the United States House of Representatives National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States Lewinsky scandal United States Senate Movement to impeach George W. Bush Richard Nixon Library & Birthplace Gerald Ford Bob Woodward Ron Ziegler H. R. Haldeman John Ehrlichman Supreme Court of the United States Jimmy Carter Archibald Cox William Rehnquist United States House of Representatives Robert Nixon Karl Rove Plame affair timeline Vietnam War Acting President of the United States Jeb Stuart Magruder United States presidential line of succession Saturday night massacre Voter turnout George W. Bush White House Plumbers Plame affair Pardon Conservative Party (UK) 2005 Philippine electoral crisis Leon Panetta Pat Buchanan U.S. presidential election, 1972 Melvin R. Laird Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Campaign finance reform Paul Martin Spiro Agnew Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Henry Kissinger Iran-Contra Affair G. Gordon Liddy Impeachment in the United States Richard Mellon Scaife Indira Gandhi History of the United States Downing Street memo Robert Bork Sponsorship scandal Canadian federal election, 1993 United States Cabinet The West Wing (television) William M. Evarts Fred Dalton Thompson Helen Thomas Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 7 Reagan Administration Canadian House of Commons Warren E. Burger All the President's Men American Civil Liberties Union Elliot Richardson Constitution of Pakistan Edmund Muskie Patrick Hillery Nixon's Enemies List Politics of Fiji Resignation International Olympic Committee Fianna F__il Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Article One of the United States Constitution Watergate Hotel Tom DeLay Presidential system President of India Balanced Budget Amendment U.S. Electoral College President of Germany Politics of Italy Cyprus dispute James R. Schlesinger Politics of Canada Leonid Brezhnev E. Howard Hunt 