what was george s patton's most famous unit what were they known for what was their symbol he commanded the rd army in his drive into german occupied territory after the normandy landings in but he also commanded the th army in the invasion of sicily in if he had not gotten in trouble on sicily he probably would have continued commanding the th and would have made the th more well known as it is now Allied invasion of Sicily George S. Patton European Theatre of World War II Operation Torch Omar Bradley U.S. Seventh Army World War II Military history of the United Kingdom during World War II U.S. 82nd Airborne Division Bernard Law Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein Battle of Normandy Normandy Sicily Royal Marines U.S. 1st Infantry Division Blitzkrieg Allied invasion of Italy Operation Fortitude Mediterranean Theatres of World War II Tunisia Campaign Canadian Forces Land Force Command Dwight D. Eisenhower Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler Operation Market Garden U.S. 2nd Armored Division Western Front (World War II) U.S. Third Army British Army Battle of the Kasserine Pass British 1st Airborne Division Norman Conquest of England Alexander Patch Airborne forces Erwin Rommel Sicilian Expedition USS Nelson (DD-623) Indian Army U.S. Fifth Army Battle of Kursk Eastern Front (World War II) Arm__e de l'Air (Part II: Fighting for Free France, 1940-1945) British 7th Armoured Division German 1st Fallschirmj__ger Division USS Philadelphia (CL-41) First Punic War Operation Dragoon The Parachute Regiment Roman Republic USS Niblack (DD-424) British Commandos Theodore Roosevelt, Jr. 2nd Canadian Infantry Division United States Army Participants in World War II Operation Weser__bung Italian Campaign (World War II) Franco-Prussian War Middle East Theatre of World War II Matthew Ridgway The Calgary Highlanders Timeline of World War II Amphibious warfare Normans Falaise pocket Battle of the Bulge Army Group Centre United States Military Academy History of Malta Manuel I Comnenus Northern Seven Years' War Biscari massacre 1st Ranger Battalion U.S. 29th Infantry Division Napoleon's Invasion of Russia Former countries in Europe after 1815 USS Gherardi (DD-637) History of Italy as a monarchy and in the World Wars Second Crusade 2nd Brigade (US 1st Infantry Division) U.S. First Army History of Germany during World War II War of the League of Cambrai Military history of the Roman Empire HMS Warspite (1913) First day on the Somme Frederick Barbarossa War of 1812 M4 Sherman D-Day Omaha Beach Italian army Battle of the Mediterranean Hans-Valentin Hube British 21st Army Group History of Austria Operation Shingle Psychological warfare The Staffordshire Regiment Royal Navy 