was general douglas mc arthur over general eisenhower during wwii i know mc arthur was in the pacific fighting the japanese but was he considered over general eisenhower because ike only had four stars and mc arthur had five stars how many five stars were there in wwii just curious gen george marshall was army chief of staff gen eisenhower and gen macarthur reported to him both macarthur and eisenhower were five star generals when general of the army omar n bradley died in april of the five star ranking was consigned to history in all four army generals four navy admirals and one air force general have held this rank the army's five star generals were general george c marshall general douglas macarthur general dwight d eisenhower and general omar n bradley the navy's five star fleet admirals were admiral william d leahy admiral ernest j king admiral chester nimitz and admiral william f bull halsey and general henry arnold was the air force's five star general who beats a five star general a general of the armies of the united states the highest military rank of all time hands down to date only george washington and john j pershing have held this position Douglas MacArthur General of the Armies Dwight D. Eisenhower Omar Bradley General of the Army (USA) United States Navy South West Pacific Area Operation Downfall American-British-Dutch-Australian Command John J. Pershing Chester Nimitz Chief of Staff of the United States Army William D. Leahy George S. Patton Peleliu United States Army Arlington National Cemetery George Marshall President of the United States United States Air Force Battle of Leyte Gulf Edith Nourse Rogers Ernest King General Carl Spaatz Henry H. Arnold Matthew Ridgway Pacific War Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki William Halsey, Jr. USS New Jersey (BB-62) Vice President of the United States Major General Western Front (World War II) United States Military Academy Isoroku Yamamoto Brigadier General United States Army Air Forces USS Pennsylvania (BB-38) USS Augusta (CA-31) Arleigh Burke Battle of Bataan USS Missouri (BB-63) Marshal Field Marshal United States Air Force Academy Commander-in-Chief Distinguished Service Medal (Army) Pacific Theater of Operations Fort Leavenworth Admiral of the Fleet (Royal Navy) Lodge Committee Battle of the Aleutian Islands detailed account Virtuti Militari Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig Reserve Officer Training Corps George Washington Medal of Honor Franklin D. Roosevelt Operation Torch United States Marine Corps Robert Carney Legion of Merit USS Arizona (BB-39) Operation Market Garden World War II Purple Heart USS Helena (CA-75) Military history of the United Kingdom during World War II Battle of Midway Thomas Blamey Battle of the Philippines (1941-42) Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force U.S. Army War College USS Iowa (BB-61) Revolt of the Admirals China Burma India Theater of World War II USS Dwight D. Eisenhower (CVN-69) Walter Bedell Smith U.S. Army Forces Far East USS Thompson (DD-627) USS Heermann (DD-532) John Eisenhower Supreme Allied Commander USS Johnston (DD-557) Pacific Ocean Areas Battle of the Bulge Royal Air Force Tora! Tora! Tora! USS Enterprise (CV-6) Warrant Officer Marshal of the Royal Air Force Starfleet ranks and insignia 