my seven year old son collects yu gi oh cards can some be worth money he has about and working on getting more the cards are in great condition in a yugi oh card holder even though he takes it everywhere it sounds like he has such a good time with them having duels with his sisters and himself i really dont get it so mabe someone can give me some insight on how to play and if they are worth anything i dont wanna sell then just curious it all depends on what cards she has you have rare super rare ultra rare ultimate rare and secret rare cards the super rare secret rare all have a holo type pic and you will notice some of the cards also have gold lettering as well that is how you can tell them apart hot cards like card trooper marshmallon and satellite cannon as well as monarch cards can go for up to dollars so it all depends on the cards she has go to tcg player com they have set list there with the avg price each card goes for Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Waking the Dragons Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters Pok__mon Trading Card Game Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Monopoly (game) Virtual Realm Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Animal Crossing Poker jargon Collectible card game Jeopardy! Magic: The Gathering Blackjack Seto Kaiba Duelist Kingdom Nintendo 64 Game show Card game Power Nine Star Trek Customizable Card Game Coin collecting Credit card Rare (video game company) Money Blue-Eyes White Dragon Seventh Sea (collectible card game) Hearts (game) VS System Ryo Bakura Rafael (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Magic: The Gathering Online Baseball card Dartz Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game Super Mario Bros. 3 Patricia Ford Draw poker Piquet $ale of the Century Mewtwo Wheel of Fortune Monty Hall problem The Winged Dragon of Ra Euro Pok__mon (video games) GunBound Batting average Neopets Ra (board game) Anzu Mazaki Chazz Princeton Digital photography Yu-Gi-Oh! R Sonic the Hedgehog 2 The Lord of the Rings Trading Card Game Video poker Match Game Super Mario Advance 4 Mao (game) Mahjong National Football League Bubble Bobble Winning Streak DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution 7thMIX Betting (poker) Computer and video games Pok__mon Microeconomics Canasta Topps Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Let's Make a Deal Baccarat Star Wars Customizable Card Game Super Mario Bros. Password (game) Contract bridge Bohnanza UNO (game) Sheepshead Farthing (coin) Nintendo Power Beatmania IIDX Risk (game) Yugi Mutou Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Monarch Inflation Capital accumulation Salic law Video game music Super Bowl XXXIV Cribbage Game Boy Card Sharks 