how to combine the yu gi oh power of chaos trilogy i have three complete power of chaos yugi kaiba joey disks how do i install them so that they will be combined i heard that you can combine them so you'll have approximately cards but how please give me step by step instruction thks i would like to also know if i only play joey the passion not playing the former games can i still acquire all the cards or i must still play yugi and kaiba the revenge to complete the collection well if you want all the cards as far as i know you have to play all three games and complete them as for combining them its easier than u think say u play game at a time start with yugi the destiny get all the cards in that then load kaiba the revenge u'll see a yugi and kaiba button somewhere probably in the card select screen and then its the same with joey the passion its either joey deck or all cards u dont even need to finish the games for these options to work Waking the Dragons Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Yu-Gi-Oh! Seto Kaiba Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Duelist Kingdom Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Virtual Realm Noah Kaiba Rafael (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters Yu-Gi-Oh! R Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Blue-Eyes White Dragon Yugi Mutou Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Ryo Bakura Duel Disk Ryuji Otogi Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series anime) Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom Katsuya Jonouchi Egyptian God Cards Mokuba Kaiba Sonic & Knuckles Orichalcos Mai Kujaku The Winged Dragon of Ra Anzu Mazaki Hiroto Honda Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Poker jargon Beatmania IIDX Collectible card game Seventh Sea (collectible card game) Millennium Items Obelisk the Tormentor Sega Saturn Shizuka Kawai Super Mario Bros. 3 Dance Dance Revolution Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Chazz Princeton Tarot Hearts (game) Final Fantasy (video game) Urza's Destiny Ishizu Ishtar President (game) PlayStation Portable Contract bridge Marik Ishtar AmigaOS Nintendo GameCube Xbox CPU design DDRMAX: Dance Dance Revolution 6thMIX Magic: The Gathering Blackjack Geese Howard Jaden Yuki Dice PlayStation 2 IBM PC compatible Alister (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Cosmic Encounter Atari 8-bit family DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution 7thMIX Monty Hall problem VS System DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution Card game Pok__mon Trading Card Game Space Quest Suit (cards) Konami Code Floppy disk Cribbage WarioWare, Inc.: Mega Party Game$ Betting (poker) Monkey Island Commodore 64 Mara Jade Dance Dance Revolution ULTRAMIX 2 Draw poker Dance Dance Revolution 2ndMIX Poker Windows 2000 Game Boy The Contender (television series) Canasta Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Mao (game) Sega Dreamcast Texas hold 'em 