AIDS. Natural history and prognosis.
 Infection with HIV results in a chronic, persistent infection that usually progresses slowly from an asymptomatic state to full-blown AIDS.
 AIDS remains a lethal disease with no effective cure.
 A great deal of information has been learned in the past decade, yet many questions remain unresolved.
 Much more research is needed into the conditions surrounding the perinatal transmission of HIV.
 Many women who give birth to a child with AIDS are themselves asymptomatic for HIV infection during pregnancy and at delivery; thus, routine voluntary prenatal HIV screening programs must be instituted in areas of high seroprevalence.
 Such screening programs must provide pretest and post-test counseling with consent and confidentiality.
 Seroprevalence studies conducted during the perinatal period or at birth using newborn blood samples will provide important epidemiologic data for further research investigations as well as continued estimates of the prevalence of HIV infection.
 Currently, there is no formal reporting system for HIV infection, only for the clinical expression of AIDS.
 There may be a need to develop a centralized reporting unit for HIV infection.
 As the epidemic continues and the true prevalence rates are determined, additional resources for public health care, housing, insurance, and foster care for children will be needed.
 The number of women who are infected is increasing at an alarming rate.
 Every opportunity to increase public awareness about the AIDS epidemic and modes of transmission must be exploited if we are to impact on the spread of HIV infection.
 Prospective studies of pregnant HIV-positive women and pediatric follow-up can provide a wealth of data about AIDS and disease progression in both the mother and the infant.
 Even if some children do not develop AIDS, the possibility of permanent effects of in utero exposure to the virus still exists.
 At what exact point in gestation does infection occur? Can infection be prevented or delayed with current chemotherapeutic protocols? Even if a cure or vaccine is developed in the near future, the impact of this deadly virus will have repercussions for many years to come.
