A subset of asialo GM1+ cells play a protective role in the occurrence of graft-versus-host disease in mice.
 In three different murine models of bone marrow (BM) transplantation the capacity of asialo GM1+ cells to suppress graft-vs-host disease (GVHD) was investigated.
 In a first model, total lymphoid irradiation (TLI)-treated BALB/C mice were given 1 mg of anti-asialo GM1 antibody.
 This led to the disappearance of functional suppressor cells after TLI.
 Injections of anti-asialo GM1 into TLI-treated BALB/C mice before infusion of 30 x 10(6) fully allogeneic (C3H) BM cells, led to a significantly decreased survival rate as compared to TLI-treated mice injected with control serum before BM transplantation (survival 29 and 83%, respectively, at 120 days after transplantation, p = 0.0032 log rank).
 The mortality of the former group was due to GVHD as 1 degree all dying animals showed clinical and histologic signs of GVHD, 2 degrees all animals were chimeric and 3 degrees mice receiving no or syngeneic BALB/C BM had excellent survival rates excluding BM aplasia or increased susceptibility for infections as reason for the mortality of the allogeneic BM recipients.
 In a second model, asialo GM1+ cells were removed in vitro from the C3H BM inoculum before injection into lethally irradiated (9 Gy) BALB/C recipients.
 In mice kept in specific pathogen-free conditions, this procedure resulted into a significant mortality (12/12) as compared to mice receiving BM pretreated with control serum (1/12, p = 0.0001 log rank).
 When kept in conventional housing, GVHD occurred in both groups but much earlier in the group receiving anti-asialo GM1-treated BM (median survival time 6 vs 46 days for the control mice, p = 0.001 log rank).
 No animal receiving anti-asialo GM1 and treated with syngeneic BM died, thus excluding toxicity, increased susceptibility to infections, or decreased graft take as a cause of mortality.
 In a last model, asialo GM1 cells were removed from syngeneic BM in a BM transplantation model in which T cell-depleted syngeneic (BALB/C) and non-T cell-depleted allogeneic (C3H) BM was administered to lethally irradiated (9 Gy) BALB/C mice.
 Also in this model GVHD-related mortality only occurred in the group of mice receiving syngeneic BM from which asialo GM+ cells were depleted before infusion (3/12).
 Our experiments thus clearly show that asialo GM1+ cells from both recipient (the TLI model) as well as donor origin (the TBI experiments) can suppress the occurrence of GVHD.
