Distinct subsets of accessory cells activate Thy-1+ triple negative (CD3-, CD4-, CD8-) cells and Th-1 delayed-type hypersensitivity effector T cells.
 The SJL strain of mice possess a unique developmental delay in the ability to exhibit delayed-type hypersensitivity (DTH) responses after immunization with a wide variety of Ag.
 Similar to other models of DTH, the adoptive transfer of syngeneic Ag-pulsed macrophages from DTH-responsive mice into these DTH-unresponsive mice results in the activation of Ag-specific, CD4+ DTH effector Th1 T cells.
 The absence of other defects in APC-dependent immune responses indicate that the macrophages is the sole APC required for the induction of DTH effector T cells in SJL mice.
 The defect occurs during the sensitization phase of the DTH response; however, it has not been determined whether a Th cell, which is required for the induction of CD4+ DTH effector T cells, was present in the DTH unresponsive SJL mice.
 In this study, we have determined that the Thy-1+ helper cell is induced upon Ag stimulation of nonresponder mice and present evidence for the existence of an accessory cell distinct from the macrophage that induces CD4+ DTH effector T cells.
 Our data indicate that CD4+ DTH effector T cells are induced in an Ag-specific and MHC-restricted manner by an adherent macrophage that expresses the Mac-1+, Mac-2-, Mac-3+, I-A+ phenotype.
 Adoptive transfer of as few as 100 of the Mac-1+, Mac-2-, or Mac-3+ subsets from DTH responsive donors to DTH unresponsive recipients is able to overcome the DTH deficit.
 The activation of CD4+ DTH effector T cells in the SJL mouse cells also requires a Thy-1+, Lyt-1+, CD3-, CD4-, CD8-, helper cell.
 In contrast to the Mac-1+, Mac-3+, I-A+ accessory cell, this helper cell requires an adherent, irradiation resistant, accessory cell that expresses the Mac-1+, Mac-2-, Mac-3-, I-A- surface phenotype for activation.
 Further, the interaction between this accessory cell and the Thy-1+ helper cell is neither Ag-specific nor MHC restricted.
 This is the first demonstration of an accessory cell requirement for the Thy-1+, Lyt-1+, B220-, CD4-, CD8-, CD3- DTH Th cell.
 These data indicate that the activation of the triple negative helper cells and subsequent activation of the CD4+ effector T cells are regulated by two distinct macrophage subpopulations.
