help getting over someone well i've had feelings for this guy at my school for a while i was wondering how can i get over him i'm pretty sure he isn't interesting in me and there's nothing i can do about it i thought i would be able to get over him during the summertime but i just can't stop thinking about him school is about to start in a few weeks and i don't want to act akward around him keep yourself occupied find some friends to hang out with and find another guy that you like too and hang out with him Good Morning, Vietnam Kodocha Negima Shot of Love Undergrads Kyle Broflovski Friends The Ashlee Simpson Show Okashina Okashi AFI 100 Years series Theory of conduct Milton H. Erickson Social rule Humphrey Bogart W. Mark Felt Cliff Richard Honey and Clover Avenue Q Blood on the Tracks Episodes of Lost (Season 2) The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Buddy Guy Kender Megan Griffin Pok__mon Live! Kurt Cobain Brian Griffin The Big Goodbye (TNG episode) About a Boy Marilyn Monroe Van Morrison Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Coldplay Guy Sebastian Teacher's Pet (Disney) Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword Andrew Dice Clay Shaggy dog story Angel One (TNG episode) Steven Wright The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Ira Gershwin Time Out of Mind Oasis (band) Phoebe Buffay's songs Summer The Amber Spyglass E. E. Cummings It's Walky! Musical mode KaBlam! Futurama (TV series - season 2) Grandview, U.S.A. The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Coming of Age (TNG episode) Billboard (advertising) Philosophical skepticism The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) Hide and Seek (Stargate Atlantis) City Hunter Journey (band) Placebo (band) Some Kind of Wonderful Ed, Edd n Eddy I Want to Hold Your Hand E.L.E.C.T.I.O.N.S. The Demon Headmaster Hermione Granger Nine Inch Nails Mat Cauthon Meta-reference 2004 Republican National Convention Guy (Final Fight) 2000 Australian Grand Prix One Tree Hill (TV series) YuYu Hakusho Piccolo Junior Saga Treehouse of Horror II Darwin from Orchids to Variation Skin of Evil (TNG episode) EastEnders Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu Butters Stotch Jerky Boys Knots Landing Slayers Desire (album) Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Meat Loaf Jean Grey Cardcaptor Sakura Fleetwood Mac Kindaichi Case Files Public Eye Sam Cooke Roxette Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Continuation War Elijah Wood 