should i get a nose job i hate my nose so much it really makes me feel self conscious so i plan to get a nose job when i am can anyone tell me anything about it and give me any advice oh and also what age are you allowed to get it done i am going away to university so the new people i meet wont know i had it done thats not why i am going by the way i was planning to anyway if you are really unhappy with it then yes go for it i don't see why you should have to live with something that makes you unhappy if you don't have to you can get them done at but it's best to wait until though it can take up to a year to see the final results look for a qualified surgeon ask around if you're in england maybe go to a well known one in london rather than a smaller city Friends Knots Landing Rhinoplasty Don Pierson Medicine Diving Privy Council of the United Kingdom Pitaten John Wesley Greg Valentine The Marriage of Figaro Apothecary Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Dentistry Eddie Clarke Texas Revolution Characters in the Smurfs James T. Aubrey, Jr. ITV Gender-neutral language The Apprentice 2 Plastic surgery Boston Public Phoebe Halliwell Aida (musical) Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina Cincinnati Bengals Babe Ruth The League of Gentlemen (comedy) Fight Club W.I.T.C.H. Little Britain Brave New World Inception of Darwin's theory Social rule Eric Bischoff Life insurance West Ham United F.C. Happiness James Paget William the Silent Yoko Ono Theory X and theory Y Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma D. H. Lawrence Education in the People's Republic of China Fahrenheit 9/11 England national football team Veterinarian Graduate school Fitz Hugh Ludlow Ghostbusters Claudius Stairway Bryan Robson Mutual fund Fame Academy Jon Secada Nuanced voices on the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji) The Wizard of Id Publicly funded medicine U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Wal-Mart New York Giants The Voyage of the Beagle Paul Hackett Atomic Kitten Don Novello 401(k) Radio Yerevan Elections in the United Kingdom Leeds United F.C. Emperor Yuan of Han Rat Park Donald Rumsfeld Charmed Funny Farm (comic) Newcastle United F.C. Avenue Q House of Lords Warren Buffett Ocean's Twelve The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary to Quintessential Phases Dave Chappelle Appeal Ken Keyes, Jr. Jordan Grand Prix Bill Bixby Duncan MacLeod Edward Gibbon Wakefield Mariah Carey (album) Griffon Bruxellois Apprenticeship Karl Rove StarCraft Episode VI Heretics of Dune University College London Germany national football team The O.C. 