who know about the mexican angel de la tejera my home boy told me that hes in a big club in europe but i looked him up but theres no info on him angel tejera is a yr old i think dm that just signed a youth contract with lyon the other kid mentioned is bryan leyva who is a midfielder that signed with real madrid David Beckham Real Madrid Alex Ferguson West Bromwich Albion F.C. Newcastle United F.C. Aston Villa F.C. Steve McManaman Michael Owen Leeds United F.C. Atl__tico de Madrid Norway national football team Norwich City F.C. Bobby Charlton Rangers F.C. Chelsea F.C. 2004-05 in English football F.C. United of Manchester Oakland Athletics Everton F.C. Guus Hiddink Nottingham Forest F.C. Coventry City F.C. Madrid Futebol Clube do Porto Kylie Minogue Bryan Robson Ajax Amsterdam Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Zin__dine Zidane Hugo S__nchez Home Entertainment Suppliers Chicago White Sox Ben Johnson (athlete) Ra__l Gonz__lez Reggie Jackson The Karate Kid, Part III RCD Espanyol Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid (album) Bon Jovi Shawn Michaels American football FC Barcelona Home Shopping Network Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Los Angeles Kings July 2004 in sports Graeme Souness Paul Ince Athletic Bilbao Boston Red Sox Ipswich Town F.C. Marilyn Monroe Claudio Ranieri UEFA Champions League Michael Essien The Brady Bunch Celtic F.C. Dinamo Zagreb Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Luis Figo George Burns Major League Soccer Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Peter Allen Gothic rock Frank Lampard Newell's Old Boys Ultras Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas England national football team Tav Falco's Panther Burns Darryl Strawberry Bryan Adams Sport Club Internacional Minor league baseball Blackburn Rovers F.C. Primera Divisi__n de M__xico Roy Keane Male prostitute Los Angeles, California Secretar__a de Inteligencia Local derby William Lyon Mackenzie King Current sports events FA Premier League 1992-93 Universal Studios Hampden Park Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Hal Trosky Spanish Second Division Steven Gerrard Dennis Bergkamp Humphrey Bogart Alfredo Di Stefano Maccabi Haifa F.C. History of subcultures in the 20th century Wrigley Field Buddy Holly September 2005 in sports Springfield (The Simpsons) 