Prognostic factors in unselected patients with nonseminomatous metastatic testicular cancer: a multicenter experience.
 Between 1981 and 1986, 200 consecutive patients with metastatic nonseminomatous testicular cancer were entered into the Swedish Norwegian Testicular Cancer (SWENOTECA) project from 14 hospitals.
 The treatment plan was four chemotherapy cycles (cisplatin, vinblastine, and bleomycin) followed by surgical resection of residual tumor masses.
 After a median observation time of 75 months, the overall 5-year survival rate was 82%.
 In a univariate analysis, the following parameters influenced the prognosis significantly: the extent of the disease (Medical Research Council [MRC] grouping); the prechemotherapy levels of serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP), human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH); the patients' age; the presence of extrapulmonary hematogeneous metastases; and/or particularly large lymph node metastases.
 Patients fared better when more than 3 weeks elapsed between orchiectomy and start of chemotherapy as compared with those who were treated within this interval.
 The place of treatment (a large oncology unit v smaller units) also represented a significant prognostic factor for patients with large-volume (LV) and very-large-volume (VLV) disease combined.
 Multivariate analysis (Cox regression proportional hazards model) performed in all 193 assessable patients showed the following adverse prognostic factors: high-volume metastatic burden, age older than 35 years, prechemotherapy AFP greater than 500 micrograms/L and/or HCG greater than 1,000 U/L, and an interval between orchiectomy and start of chemotherapy of less than 3 weeks.
 The place of treatment also significantly influenced the final outcome.
 If patients with LV and VLV disease were combined, the presence of two of the following risk factors represented an additional prognostic factor: AFP greater than 1,000 micrograms/L, HCG greater than 10,000 U/L, liver metastases, brain metastases, bone metastases, retroperitoneal tumor greater than or equal to 10 cm, and mediastinal tumor greater than or equal to 5 cm.
