what is your opinion on the following names wyatt everett jasper wyatt harlan gage personally i love wyatt because my second child's name is cavin wyatt but i really like harlan gage that is a very macho manly name i agree wyatt everett is just too many ts jmho though use whatever name you like best and whichever one he looks like when you finally meet him congrats Leo Wyatt Wyatt Earp Phineas Gage Thomas Wyatt (poet) William Wyatt Bibb Charmed John Everett Millais My Darling Clementine Seventy-fifth United States Congress Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Equal Protection Clause Thomas Gage Haven (TNG episode) Tombstone (film) Phoebe Halliwell Harlan Ellison Seventy-eighth United States Congress Piper Halliwell Paige Matthews Ben Bova Doc Holliday Matilda Joslyn Gage Characters in Atlas Shrugged Harlan County, Kentucky Robert Wyatt Everett, Massachusetts Manly Junior Lyman J. Gage Griswold v. Connecticut Hoo Peninsula Seventy-second United States Congress Mark Oliver Everett Kenny Everett Noah's Ark World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement Spanish nouns Jane Wyatt Seventieth United States Congress Josephine Earp Machismo Amherst College Harlan Fiske Stone Sonnet Mapp v. Ohio James Wyatt Everett, Washington Royal Academy Cognitive neuropsychology R. E. S. Wyatt Hugh Everett Pontiac's Rebellion John Marshall Harlan Thomas Wyatt the younger The Journeyman Project Margaret Lee Card game Supreme Court of the United States USS Harlan R. Dickson (DD-708) MacGyver Plessy v. Ferguson Samuel Adams Karl Jaspers Lochner v. New York Edward Everett Love Field Pet Sematary Seventy-sixth United States Congress Chuck Cunningham syndrome Scrooge McDuck Lunar Society Syd Shores Wyatt Creech War of the Austrian Succession Anderson Cooper Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co. Collins & Harlan Brunel University Stanley Kubrick Java programming language Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book Star Trek: The Original Series Our Friends in the North Science fiction fandom Edward VI of England John Marshall Harlan II Easy Rider Bat Masterson Anne Boleyn Vega H__ctor Camacho New Zealand at the 2004 Summer Olympics Agenor Abortion Gunfight at the O.K. Corral Hugo Black Seventy-ninth United States Congress The City on the Edge of Forever Kelly Preston Daevid Allen Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority 