i need a baby nameee when i get older i want to have a girl and name her chloe but today i was talking with my mom and shes like ' what would her middle name be' and now its bothering me what would you put as the middle name if the first name was chloe i like chloe may or chloe nicole any others i have khloee chloe spelled differently picked out her name will be khloee nakole my name is nakole i was the first in my family to have nakole as a first name all the women in my moms family have the middle name nakole which is nicole spelled differently if you didnt know Smallville (Season 4) Days of our Lives Toni Morrison Family Guy AVN Awards Sabrina: The Animated Series EastEnders Shaman King Friends She Used to Be My Girl Lauren Bacall Demeter Olivia Newton-John Joke Smallville Characters Season Four Soccer mom Plurality electoral system Malcolm in the Middle Unisex name Age disparity in sexual relationships Nicole Sullivan Noir (anime) Mr. and Mrs. Turner Taboo (movie) Doug Lois Lane Married... with Children Smallville (Season 3) Smallville Characters Season Five The Tracey Ullman Show shorts Nicole C. Mullen America's Next Top Model Clea (band) 24 (television) Boy Meets World Traci Lords Nicole Kidman Baby Blues Babe Carey 1967 Atlantic hurricane season The League of Gentlemen (comedy) U.S. Acres 1971 Atlantic hurricane season Australian English English language Michael Cacoyannis English spelling The Adventures of Pete & Pete Slayer (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Stewie Griffin Family name Past characters (Neighbours) The Human Stain The Witch (Buffy episode) Springfield Elementary School Tag Hangul American Psycho Jam (TV series) Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game The Inside Van Houten family Mina Mongoose Hollyoaks Phoebe Buffay's songs Jamie Mitchell Chloe Sullivan Guinevere Jones Longus Lacey Chabert Angelina Jolie Genealogy Japanese name Teamo Supremo Family Affairs FLCL Missy Elliott Joss Whedon Marco Polo Middle Ages Given name Milton H. Erickson Sleeping with the Enemy (1991 film) My Name Is Earl Love. Angel. Music. Baby. Master of Magic Taft family Smallville (Season 2) Garfield Celtic languages -onym City Hunter American English Gwen Stefani Fast bowling Ron and Fez The dozens Chloe Jones 