soccer fans spamming our board i'm sure you've all noticed the morons on here asking their silly questions today it's actually a concerted effort there was a thread about it on the soccer not football board anyway just wanted to give everyone a heads up prepare yourselves for some very simple european humor some poor english and a bunch of half wits sunidaze yes there are some obvious insecurities on the soccer board pepe all you're doing is making a fool of yourself and you're making all soccer fans look stupid frihah i think you mean you're american instead of your american but thanks for proving my point about poor use of the english language and frihah i would never call your sport pathetic it's a great sport just a very different one from baseball but if your fans are bored they should find better pursuits than this yeah i noticed it too check my question Football (soccer) Baseball American football Playoff Hooliganism Major League Soccer FIFA Series Australian words Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome The Jim Rome Show Singlish Cork City F.C. Montreal National Hockey League All-Star Game Kasparov versus The World B3ta Internet troll SpongeBob SquarePants Fox Broadcasting Company Soccer AM Game GameFAQs message boards New York Giants Spam (electronic) Sport Rugby union Australian English Relegation Monty Python National pastime Stadium Boca Juniors Sport in the United Kingdom University of Houston Little Britain South African English Alex Ferguson April 2005 in sports Indoor soccer North American Soccer League The Angry Beavers Major professional sports league Mullet (haircut) Ultimate (sport) Arsenal F.C. Trigger (Only Fools And Horses) FC Barcelona Special Broadcasting Service Perth Glory Something Awful Forums Internet forum Quarashi EA Sports Sports in Puerto Rico Coach (sport) The Star-Spangled Banner Mach kernel Pablo Escobar Culture of the United States The Wedding Present Lamar Hunt Washington State University Football (ball) Jack Charlton Jon Secada Rugby football Major League Baseball Eurotrip Invader Zim R.S.C. Anderlecht Sudden death Caulfield Grammar School Textile manufacturing Newcastle United F.C. 2004-05 in English football Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Topps The Ashlee Simpson Show Football (soccer) positions Married... with Children Sports betting Salary cap Internet phenomenon United States men's national soccer team Celtic F.C. Rogers Centre David Beckham Professional sports Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium Major League Baseball television contracts Whose Line Is It Anyway? Independent school (UK) Computer virus Indoor football November 2004 in sports Philadelphia Phillies Code: Lyoko Los Angeles Clippers Football in the United Kingdom 