yankee club level okay so the yankee club is on club level does that mean that you can see the field well how close to the field are they thanks the club level seating at the stadium are those seats you see that are where is netting starts they give fans in the front row in club seating a net attached to a pole to try to get the babseballs when they roll up the netting frequently throughout the game several balls go all the way up on the netting i do not think that club seating allows feild access and they also have there own level gate would probably be the best gate and just take the escalators up the the club level have your tickets out because there is security at the door have a good time at the stadium Fenway Park Yankee Stadium Boston Red Sox New York Giants World Series Stadium American football New York Yankees SBC Park Cincinnati Reds Chicago Cubs Satchel Paige Wrigley Field 2004 American League Championship Series Emirates Stadium Babe Ruth Yankees-Red Sox Rivalry Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Home run Dodger Stadium Reggie Jackson 2003 World Series Citizens Bank Park Tiger Stadium San Francisco Giants Carolina Panthers National Football League Polo Grounds Damn Yankees Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome 2004 World Series Chicago White Sox Football (soccer) 2001 World Series Pittsburgh Pirates Florida Marlins Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Toronto Blue Jays International League Norway national football team St. Louis Cardinals October 4 in baseball Veterans Stadium New England Patriots Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) Cleveland Browns New York Mets Houston Astros Blackburn Rovers F.C. Seattle Mariners Manchester City F.C. Notts County F.C. Milwaukee Brewers Sandy Koufax Playoff October 27 in baseball Dog agility 2005 World Series San Diego Padres Super Bowl Newcastle United F.C. Volleyball FC Barcelona Steve Bartman Hank Aaron Baseball Estudiantes de La Plata San Jose Municipal Stadium FedEx Field R.S.C. Anderlecht American Football League Phil Rizzuto Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Alex Rodriguez IFK G__teborg Angel Stadium of Anaheim Manny Ram__rez Cork City F.C. Vin Scully FA Cup New Jersey Nets Laws of cricket Houlihan's Stadium Major League Baseball television contracts Indianapolis Colts Norwich City F.C. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles Katamari Damacy Cricket Portman Road History of baseball in the United States Babe Ruth's Called Shot Rugby union Glossary of firefighting equipment Cleveland Indians Philadelphia Phillies Railroad car 