do u like these names we picked out for a girl we want ayiana nicole ayiana means eternal bloom and its from my indian heritage for a boy robert the babys daddys name the boys name has to be robert cuz its a tradition for his family those are great names i love how you picked out names that were very meaningful not just to you two but to your family lines what would robert's middle name be it would be great to make it a name from your indian heritage Sean Combs Ayiana Jon Secada My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult Ancient (Stargate) Girls Aloud Max Martin Young adult literature The Marvelettes Dudley Boyz The Great American Bash Family name Scott Storch Billboard Hot 100 Given name Academy Award for Original Music Score The Shirelles Japanese name Boy Meets World Friends Missy Elliott Hip hop collaborations Jill Corey Days of our Lives Timeline of trends in music from the United States (1930-1970) Infantilism Sin City Allan Bloom The Beach Boys Today! Honey (Mariah Carey song) Triple J Hottest 100, 2003 Ashlee Simpson Bow Wow Wow Frankie Vaughan Cliff Richard Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle Comanche Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown) Philosophy Love. Angel. Music. Baby. Situation comedy The Beach Boys in Concert Moulin Rouge! Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys Hollyoaks Beach Boys' Party! The Beach Boys Robert Helpmann Scouting Cutey Honey Sex and the City Gwen Stefani Gay slang Mary The Fairly OddParents Hip hop rivalries Vedanta Robert Downey Jr. Academy Award for Best Art Direction Krishna Charlotte Sting Grammy Award for Best Choral Performance Louie, Louie The Dukes of Hazzard AVN Awards Indian family name Thomas Sangster Atomic Kitten Fantasy (Mariah Carey song) Doug Shut Down Volume 2 The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Sikhism Pete Rock The KLF Robert De Niro The Beatles discography Ray Winstone World Heritage Site Academy Award for Film Editing Sinfest Mario Mary Pickford Nicole Ari Parker Chopsticks Robert Rodr__guez Kimi Finster Big Boi Winx Club Structuralism Snooker Punjab region Tony Award for Best Musical J. Fred Helf Culture of India Rose Ben E. King I Love Lucy Nicole C. Mullen 