can you give me the full case of san miguel properties vs huang the suit in the philippines was to compel specific performance on a real estate purchase contract the trial court ruled that the contract was not perfected under philippine law and dismissed the action the court of appeals reversed then the philippine supreme court reversed the court of appeals and reinstated the trial court's ruling there really doesn't seem to be anything unusual about this dispute rather run of the mill the negotiations to buy land were moving along but there were still outstanding issues to be resolved every time a party offered a novation or other change in the terms of the proposed contract the deal was still not final and enforceable Appeal Contract Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Arbitration Same-sex marriage in the United States Lawsuit Supreme Court of the United States Same-sex marriage in Canada Estoppel Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Slander and libel Law Law of the People's Republic of China United States district court Due process Article Three of the United States Constitution Mediation United States Constitution SCO-Linux controversies Article One of the United States Constitution Lawyer Judicial functions of the House of Lords California government and politics Treaty Dred Scott v. Sandford United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Attorney at Law Leasing Government of India Federal Court of Canada Double jeopardy Unfair labor practice Same-sex marriage in New York State supreme court Constitution Standard form contract Unconscionability International Court of Justice Partial-birth abortion Fair use Trademark Tort reform Supreme court Unlawful combatant Constitution of Austria Motion (legal) First-sale doctrine First Amendment to the United States Constitution Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow Private international law Judiciary of Hong Kong Choice of law House of Lords Offer and acceptance Abortion in the United States Microeconomics Nuclear option (filibuster) Harry Bridges Bush v. Gore Government involvement in the Terri Schiavo case Res judicata Mootness Trade union Congress of the United States Constitution of Fiji: Chapter 7 Summary judgment Contract bridge Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Same-sex marriage Constitution of Japan Wolf v. Colorado Consideration Apple Computer First Monday Paul Martin United States court of appeals Roe v. Wade Oakland Athletics Affirmative action Constitution of Pakistan New Hampshire Supreme Court Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc. Abington School District v. Schempp Scots law Magistrate Judicial review Near v. Minnesota Property (ownership right) Separation of powers under the United States Constitution European Convention on Human Rights Notary public Jury trial Israeli-occupied territories Landmark decision Marbury v. Madison International law Australian constitutional law Copyright infringement of software NAACP v. Alabama 