anyone know how to play cribbage come and play in yahoo intermediate we have a league it's free and you can learn and enjoy the company of many good people there are many league's on the net in most of the rooms in yahoo yours etna elite is a long standing league and would not be a bad choice i wish you continued success but i'll continue playing in the one i'm in p s i always considered posting for members here lol but wasn't ballsy enough to do it lol good on ya have a good day LOL (Internet slang) The Cure Hanseatic League Cribbage Volleyball National Football League Yahoo! Dominoes Derek Bailey Major League Baseball B3ta Portsmouth F.C. Los Angeles Clippers FC Rostov Brian Close Des Walker Jack Charlton Contract bridge New York Giants Notts County F.C. Australian rules football FA Cup Negro league baseball Sport Mount Etna Elitserien Playoff Dennis Eckersley Henry Cow Warcraft II Canadian football Orange Order General Mayhem Alex Ferguson Poker jargon Dewsbury Rams Hendon F.C. Eutheism, dystheism, and maltheism Softball Rugby league Utilitarianism Football in England Justice League World Football League Hockey rink Ice hockey International League University of Bristol Rangers F.C. Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Celtic League (Rugby Union) Gordon Banks Lou Gehrig Geoff Hurst Sydney Cricket Ground UEFA Champions League Australian Football League UK Singles Chart National Hockey League Norway national football team Michael Owen Marching band Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium Toronto Raptors League of Nations Indoor football 2005 English cricket season Total Network Solutions F.C. French Defence Peter Shilton Everton F.C. Survivalism Rugby football Troy Glaus Cleveland Browns Stanley Cup Yao Ming 2005 Ashes series Minor league baseball Google Baseball Goodness and value theory John Calipari Lol Coxhill Nicomachean Ethics Charles Goodyear Major League Soccer The Football League Melbourne Cricket Ground Bon Jovi Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Reggie Jackson 10cc National Puzzlers' League Yahoo! Messenger Shogi Canadian Football League Hastings United FC 