fabien barthez so has he signed with anyone yet i read that there were rumors that he was coming to the mls or the mexican football league at this point in his career and with all the baggage that comes with him lately why would a team want him i would want him fabien barthez is considered by some to be a genius and others to be a disaster waiting to happen he is one of the greatest frenchmen of his generation there is no way he is coming to north america he is suited for retirement like his friend zinedine zidane i would love it if he came here but let's face it he isn't beckham and there would be nothing for fabien to gain he hasn't signed with anyone because he is retired didn't you hear what happened to him last season he was attacked by angry fans who didn't like his sloppy play he deserves to retire in peace go les bleus Fabien Barthez Zin__dine Zidane Alex Ferguson Manchester United F.C. Tim Howard David Beckham Major League Soccer FIFA World Player of the Year Manchester United 1999-present Notts County F.C. Steve McManaman Torquay United F.C. Tris Speaker 2003-04 in English football Lou Gehrig American football Reggie Jackson Abel Xavier Real Madrid Michael Jordan National Football League Teddy Sheringham Denis Law AS Monaco FC Manchester United 1986-1999 Chicago Bulls Juventus F.C. Cincinnati Bengals Satchel Paige New England Patriots Hugo S__nchez Kevin Keegan The Football League San Francisco Giants Preston North End F.C. Michael Owen Wayne Gretzky Rugby union Detroit Tigers Babe Ruth Kansas City Chiefs Jim Thorpe Pavel Nedv__d Club Am__rica Limp Bizkit FC Girondins de Bordeaux Willie Mays Bobby Charlton Football in England Garth Brooks Kylie Minogue Sandy Koufax Graeme Souness Robin Ventura Playoff Oakland Athletics Ron and Fez Toronto Argonauts F.C. United of Manchester Hitomi Paul Ince 2004 European Football Championship Larry Bird Pan Am Flight 103 St. Louis Cardinals Seattle Mariners Diego Maradona Ocean's Twelve Bobby Convey Alan Shearer NBA Finals Los Angeles Kings Chicago Cubs Ty Cobb Football (soccer) positions The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius Steve Coppell Midfielder American Football League Cleveland Browns Canadian Football League The Beach Boys Eddie Gaven Chicago White Sox Clint Mathis Roberto Carlos da Silva National Basketball Association Florida Marlins Bryan Robson Negro league baseball R.S.C. Anderlecht Montreal Canadiens Jackie Robinson Aston Villa F.C. Pok__mon Live! San Francisco 49ers Beyblade Kenny McCormick 