Onset of induced atrial flutter in the canine pericarditis model 
 To test the hypothesis that induced atrial flutter evolves from a transitional rhythm, the onset of 99 episodes of induced atrial flutter (mean cycle length 135 +/- 18 ms) lasting greater than 5 min in 40 dogs with sterile pericarditis was first characterized.
 In 85 (86%) of the 99 episodes, atrial flutter was preceded by a brief period (mean 1.4 +/- 0.9 s, range 0.4 to 42) of atrial fibrillation.
 Then, in 11 open chest studies, atrial electrograms were recorded simultaneously from 95 pairs of right atrial electrodes during the onset of 18 episodes of induced atrial flutter (mean cycle length 136 +/- 16 ms).
 Atrial flutter was induced by a train of eight paced atrial beats, followed by one or two premature atrial beats (7 episodes) or rapid atrial pacing (11 episodes).
 A short period of atrial fibrillation (mean cycle length 110 +/- 7 ms) induced by atrial pacing activated the right atrium through wave fronts, which produced a localized area of slow conduction.
 Then unidirectional conduction block of the wave front occurred for one beat in all or a portion of the area of slow conduction.
 This permitted the unblocked wave front to turn around an area of functional block and return through the area of slow conduction that had developed the unidirectional conduction block, thereby initiating the reentrant circuit.
 The location of the unidirectional block relative to the direction of the circulating wave fronts determined whether the circus movement was clockwise or counterclockwise.
 The area of slow conduction and unidirectional conduction block occurred where the wave front crossed perpendicular to the orientation of the atrial muscle fibers, suggesting a role for anisotropic conduction.
 These areas included the high right atrial portion of the sulcus terminalis (10 episodes), the low right atrial portion of the sulcus terminalis (4 episodes) and the pectinate muscle region (4 episodes).
 It is concluded that the development of a localized area of slow conduction in the right atrium followed by unidirectional conduction block in this area produced during a short period of atrial fibrillation or rapid atrial pacing is necessary for atrial flutter to occur in this model.
