Techniques to create urinary continence in the cloacal exstrophy patient.
 Of 15 patients with cloacal exstrophy currently under management 11 have undergone procedures for the establishment of urinary continence.
 There were 8 genetic female subjects, 6 genetic male subjects raised as girls and 1 genetic male subject raised as a boy.
 The genetic female subjects had all undergone urethral reconstruction.
 In 4 patients urethral reconstruction was done with local tissues and they have subsequently undergone bladder neck reconstruction: 1 is continent and voids through the urethra, 2 are dry on intermittent catheterization and 1 is dry on intermittent catheterization after augmentation with a hindgut patch.
 One girl underwent a Kropp procedure along with bladder augmentation, and she is dry on intermittent catheterization, in 1 urethral reconstruction was done with an ileal nipple through which she performs intermittent catheterization and 2 await a continence procedure.
 The urethral reconstructions in the genetic male subjects were more difficult.
 Of the 6 genetic male subjects raised as girls 5 have undergone continence procedures and 1 awaits establishment of urinary continence.
 In only 1 patient was urethral reconstruction possible from local tissues to allow intermittent catheterization.
 In the other 4 the perineal urethra was closed in favor of an abdominal stoma for intermittent catheterization.
 Ileal plication with nipple formation of the stoma was done in 3 patients and a Benchekroun stoma was used in 1.
 The genetic male subject raised as a boy underwent exstrophy reclosure plus epispadias repair and subsequent bladder neck reconstruction and augmentation.
 Augmentation was performed in 5 patients with hindgut segments in 3 and ileum in 2.
 All 5 patients are currently dry on intermittent catheterization, although 1 required revision of the ileal nipple to a Benchekroun stoma.
 Staged reconstruction can produce acceptable urinary continence in this complex anomaly.
 An innovative approach is required to find the most suitable solution for each patient anatomy, bladder size and function, and mental, neurological and orthopedic status.
