i feel lost i am a junior in college i spent a year away at a university but moved back home since it sucked there i am going to commute to a local university for the final two years i have friends i have a job and i am doing well in school but i feel like i have no idea where any of this is going any more i have no idea what i want or where i am going the last few years i felt like i was moving towards something which was being on my own while having fun at a university but that didn't work out now i am confused what should i do i would say you are in pretty good shape you still have a couple of years of college left to decide what you want to do with your life you could be a college grad and not know what to do with your life try meeting with your student adviser and he she will be able to talk to you about your interests and job prospects you have some time to decide don't sweat the small stuff good luck Graduate school One Tree Hill (TV series) Avenue Q Friends Pitaten Knots Landing Social rule Good Morning, Vietnam Kodocha Abigail Folger About a Boy Theory of conduct The Ashlee Simpson Show Little Britain Rice University The Catcher in the Rye The O.C. Sweatshop The Emancipation of Mimi University of Central Florida University of Houston Oxford College of Emory University Spice Girls Education in the People's Republic of China Fancy Crane Piccolo Junior Saga Great Teacher Onizuka 2000 Australian Grand Prix It's Walky! Milton H. Erickson Stanton Macdonald-Wright Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution Sleeping Murder Education in Germany The College of New Jersey Teresa Heinz Kerry Funny Farm (comic) Red Hot Chili Peppers Good Times The Shining (film) Edward Gibbon Wakefield Cliff Richard Anderson Cooper Boston Public Michael Garibaldi Poker jargon Community college College and university rankings Phoebe Halliwell Carnegie Mellon University The Amazing Race The Contender (television series) Kim Possible High school Education in the United States Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Undergrads Academia Maison Ikkoku College Spidey Super Stories Another Side of Bob Dylan College admissions University of Texas at Arlington Rosa Parks My Life as a Teenage Robot Married... with Children Mid-levels Kender Radiohead University of Wisconsin-Platteville Anarchism and society W.I.T.C.H. Plame affair Sin City Teen Girl Squad The Apprentice 2 Care Bears Grandview, U.S.A. Everwood Saved by the Bell Jean Grey Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering Shaggy dog story Princeton University University of Wales, Lampeter My Parents are Aliens British Free Corps Charles Goodyear Yearbook Troms__ I.L. Philip J. Fry I, the Jury Piccolo (Dragon Ball) University of Minnesota God Emperor of Dune Hey Jude James T. Aubrey, Jr. Kurt Angle Real Love (song) 