whats your favourite nick name grumpy gus used when someone is angry of course nasty nails for my brother snuffaluffagus another way to call someone fat favorite fakey aka miss less used to make fun of my sis for wearing over padded bras panzy for my funny acting girly bro nacpy nickname for my bro named nathan parshis nickname for my bro mark Nickname Bro'Town Animaniacs The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius The Angry Beavers Mario Undergrads Friends "Weird Al" Yankovic Scooby-Doo Richard Pryor Opie and Anthony Mario series enemies Koopa Kid Doug Teen Girl Squad Characters of Naruto Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels The Great American Bash Garfield Super Mario Bros. 2 Vegeta SpongeBob SquarePants Super Mario Bros. television series Neighbours Ness Miami Dolphins Max Baer Super Mario Bros. 3 Koopa Troopa Ron and Fez Prince (artist) Bowser Rocko's Modern Life The Man with the Golden Gun What's Happening!! File Allocation Table Beastie Boys Academy Award for Best Picture Academy Award for Animated Short Film Marx Brothers NWo Warner Bros. American Dreams Super Mario Bros. (film) Popeye The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland The Wheezer Bros. Palindrome Captain Marvel (DC Comics) Filmation Mickey Mouse Drawn Together Grumpier Old Men Chuck Jones Private Eye Tiny Toon Adventures Green Day Animal Crossing Jackass: The Movie Married... with Children Fire Emblem Invader Zim Koji Kondo Carl Barks Flash (comics) Brassiere Bret Hart EarthBound Duck Dodgers Madonna (entertainer) Recess (TV series) Super Mario Bros. Donkey Kong 64 Nick Hornby Super Smash Bros. Super Smash Bros. Melee Whose Line Is It Anyway? Batman Begins Batman: The Animated Series Caprice Bourret Undergarment Minneapolis, Minnesota The Strangerhood The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Franklin (television series) Gus Grissom Mario Bros. Pukkelpop One Tree Hill (TV series) Beavis and Butt-head Bruce Payne J. G. Thirlwell Looney Tunes: Back In Action The Jim Rome Show Jayne Mansfield Our Gang MAD Magazine Fantastic Four Bugs Bunny 