i'm putting up a lawsuit against wirefly please tell me your scamming stories for excess evidence you would have to get signed noterized statements from anyone that would be willing to give you evidence you can't just say this one guy on yahoo said you have to be able to prove that these things happened Contract MapleStory Slander and libel 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Agnosticism Miracle Fred Phelps Advance fee fraud Plame affair timeline Theory Biblical inerrancy Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Xenu Limp Bizkit George W. Bush military service controversy Spam (electronic) Meaning Lawsuit Holocaust denial Summary judgment Free Republic Evidence (law) 9/11 conspiracy theories Downing Street memo John Stossel James Hanratty Lie SCO-Linux controversies Confidence trick Falsifiability Right to silence John Titor Trademark Totally Spies! Neopets Ex-gay Roswell UFO incident Resurrection of Jesus Kuzari Tax protester Cold fusion Enron Corporation Fair Game (Scientology) Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution Royal Assent America Online Conspiracy USA PATRIOT Act Atkins Nutritional Approach Danite Apple Computer, Inc. v. Microsoft Corp. ACORN U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 Intelligent design movement Peter Falconio disappearance Halting problem Clarence Thomas Judgment Hearsay Anti-Defamation League Negation Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Notary public Phishing Scientific method Ed, Edd n Eddy Spice Girls Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Bon Jovi Double jeopardy Creation and evolution in public education Causality John Allen Muhammad WGA screenwriting credit system Charles Ponzi Digital evidence Supernatural Project Blue Book Sabra and Shatila massacre Adversarial system Burden of proof Medical malpractice Blacks and Mormonism Katelyn Faber O. J. Simpson False memory Pope Joan Babe Ruth's Called Shot September 11 researchers William A. Dembski Atheism Teach the Controversy Sport Ontological argument Cancer Strong atheism English grammar SCO v. IBM Edgar Allan Poe Transactional analysis 