predictions twice or once a month these weird dreams happen what happens is when i dream i dream of something that will happen the next day like when it was before my science test i dreamt that id get a then i got a this is one of the weirdest things that happened to me predicitons and all those stuff im like a dream phsycic please tell me wats going on fabulous that's great that you have that kind of thing happen start keeping a dream journal and see how many dreams come true Science fiction Philosophical skepticism The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie W. Daniel Hillis God Emperor of Dune Lucid dreaming Theory Dream Apocalypse Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Experiment Jon Secada Causality Hubert Selby Jr. Arthur Machen Peasants' Revolt Scientific method Eschatology Unconscious mind Young Earth creationism Science Dave Matthews Band Shaggy dog story Wonderland (McFly album) Consciousness Scenes from a Memory The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan Atlas Comics (1950s) Meaning of life The Sandman: The Doll's House Grandview, U.S.A. Azumanga Daioh Epistemology Time Out of Mind Boom Crash Opera Evolutionary creationism A. E. van Vogt Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide "Weird Al" Yankovic AFI 100 Years series Free will Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Supernatural Opportunity rover Avenue Q 10000 (number) Ceteris paribus Pok__mon Chronicles Philosophy of science Sabbath I Want to Hold Your Hand Fox Feature Syndicate Children of Dune Themes in Blade Runner Dean Koontz Theodicy Miracle Nightmares (Buffy episode) Wheel of Fortune Emanuel Swedenborg CPU cache Hunter S. Thompson Sant Mat Professor X Characters of The Sandman I Have a Dream American Pie (song) Telepathy Magical thinking Jewish Messiah Queen (band) The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Fiddler on the Roof Dream Syndicate Tiny Toon Adventures Newhart Year of the Spider The Giver The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy Artificial consciousness Social rule Kimi Finster Cordelia Chase Bertrand Russell 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Babylon 5 Reset button technique Intelligence (trait) The Amazing Criswell E. E. Cummings Beatles for Sale D__j__ vu Paranoia Agent Christmas Numerology Time travel The Care Bears (television series) Old Style and New Style dates Teacher's Pet (Disney) 