should i let my year old daughter move out my year old daughter gianna wants to move out i know she's old enough but i'm worried if she moves out she wants to live in a town house with some friends her best friend asked her if she wants to move in she's a freshman in college she's also a wild girl sadly and she drinks too sometimes and i've told her many times to stop but she doesn't listen my wife and i didn't spoil any of our kids but they hang out with their spoiled cousins alot so that's probably why they're acting spoiled lately i told her no you can't move out period but then she started saying oh my god dad i hate you dad i'm gonna run away and then i took away her car keys my wife thinks she's responsible enough to move out but i don't what would you do in a situation like this i would let her but if i was paying for her car and the car insurance she would lose them if she had any credit cards that i had provided her she would submit them and they woudl be cancelled if she wnats to be on her own then let her be in her own sometimes tough love is the best love i have a little brother now that moves in and out with my parents every six months he totally uproots their life and they allow it you do not want to be like this put your foot down now let her know if she goes she can not just move back in when times get tough or the money runs out Friends Knots Landing EastEnders Humphrey Bogart Doug Grandview, U.S.A. Avenue Q Kyle Broflovski One Tree Hill (TV series) St. Elmo's Fire (film) The Lovely Bones Kodocha The Marshall Mathers LP Married... with Children Le Malade imaginaire Ocean's Twelve The Fairly OddParents Great Teacher Onizuka The Critic Indianapolis 500 Piccolo Junior Saga The Young Ones (TV series) Miss Saigon About a Boy The Inside Eddie Guerrero American Dad! Bro'Town Good Morning, Vietnam Timmy Turner Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Kurt Cobain Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) The Body (Short Story) The Life and Times of Juniper Lee Everwood Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone) Fiddler on the Roof Silent Night, Deadly Night Saved by the Bell My Life as a Teenage Robot Blood on the Tracks The Amazing Race Father's Day (Doctor Who) Radio Yerevan Neighbours Social rule Fred Phelps The Human Stain The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy El Chavo del Ocho Janet Jackson Past characters (Neighbours) The Golden Girls Public Eye Rent (musical) Rocko's Modern Life Pitaten W.I.T.C.H. Cardcaptor Sakura Marilyn Monroe Dawson's Creek Badly Drawn Kitties Poker jargon Only Fools and Horses Ed, Edd n Eddy Sin City Yoko Ono Matt Hardy Full House Butters Stotch The Supremes Garfield Mary Astor Good Times KaBlam! Pok__mon Live! Episodes of Lost (Season 1) The Catcher in the Rye Hey Jude Virginia Lewis (The 10th Kingdom) Waking the Dragons Insurance Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Incarnations of Immortality Shawn Michaels Trailer Park Boys Baby Blues Rocket Power James T. Aubrey, Jr. Pepper Ann Jacob Maverick (film) Ray Winstone 