is there a more important match this year than italy vs france on september th to me no there isn't not in club matches and not in any other international matches although the club world cup is very important this year who's gonna win and what will be the score italy france oh yeah i thought milan vs inter was on january first so yeah that's the only match that's more important f o r z a i t a l i a i see scores for italy and red cards and score for france haha cant wait to see the shock on french fans face when italy knocks them out again Norway national football team Roberto Baggio Internazionale Dennis Bergkamp UEFA Champions League Italy national football team Football World Cup 1990 Brazil national football team Alex Ferguson Giuseppe Meazza Rugby union Germany national football team September 2004 in sports Christian Vieri Salvatore Schillaci David Beckham Football World Cup 2002 Troms__ I.L. Football World Cup 2006 (qualification UEFA) Patrick Vieira Andriy Shevchenko Italy national rugby union team Everton F.C. England national football team Ligue 1 Liverpool F.C. February 2005 in sports A.C. Milan England national rugby union team Davis Cup Gabriel Batistuta Football World Cup 1970 Hellas Verona F.C. FA Cup 2003 Rugby Union World Cup Cricket World Series Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Denis Law Toronto Maple Leafs Frank Lampard Football World Cup Gianni Rivera History of rugby union Ronaldo Peter Shilton Newcastle United F.C. UEFA Champions League 2005-06 Football World Cup 1978 Grand Prix motor racing David Vernon Watson Melbourne Cricket Ground International League Boxing IFK G__teborg 2005 English cricket season Aston Villa F.C. Paul Ince October 2004 in sports Michael Owen A.J. Styles Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras Heineken Cup FC Rostov Gianluca Vialli RC Strasbourg Playoff Wales national rugby union team Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. Wrexham A.F.C. Gin rummy Graeme Souness European Challenge Cup Ali Daei Australian rules football Monica Seles Aim__ Jacquet Australia national football team Football World Cup 1966 Shawn Michaels Wim Jonk Boris Becker September 2005 in sports The Football League World Cricket Tsunami Appeal Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics Football culture One-day International Nwankwo Kanu Test cricket Luis Figo Jaap Stam Stefan Edberg A.S. Roma Kenny Dalglish Roger Federer April 2005 in sports 