what do you think of rossi's 'right decision' http www goal com en articolo aspx contenutoid babyboy he is not over rated he is amazing i believe that he made the right design to leave manchester united and join villarreal because now that we have signed carols tevez he wasn't going to get much playing time was he he made the right descin because at villarreal he will play week in week out and that can only be good for him i am sure he will be a star in for villarreal and then there is a clause in his contract which will let him return to manchester united villarreal won't be able to offer him champions league football because the spanish top four is barcelona real madrid sevilla and valencia hopefully he will return one day and become a united legend Real Madrid FC Barcelona Everton F.C. Sevilla FC Villarreal CF 2004-05 in English football La Liga David Beckham UEFA Champions League September 2004 in sports Atl__tico de Madrid August 2005 in sports February 2005 in sports Valencia CF Alex Ferguson Celtic F.C. December 2004 in sports November 2004 in sports RCD Espanyol Wayne Rooney October 2004 in sports Futebol Clube do Porto Leeds United F.C. Polideportivo Ejido Alfredo Di Stefano Albacete Balompi__ March 2005 in sports Ronaldo Manchester United F.C. Michael Owen Newcastle United F.C. September 2005 in sports Current sports events Steve McManaman Recreativo de Huelva Getafe CF Denis Law Spanish Second Division B R.S.C. Anderlecht Diego Forl__n The Football League Aston Villa F.C. Racing de Santander Portsmouth F.C. Norway national football team F.C. United of Manchester FA Cup Local derby Athletic Bilbao Manchester City F.C. Jos__ Mourinho Paul Ince Manchester United 1986-1999 Celta Vigo Football World Cup 1982 Cristiano Ronaldo 2003-04 in English football Crystal Palace F.C. Guus Hiddink IFK G__teborg Kevin Keegan August 2005 in Britain and Ireland Manchester United 1945-1969 Ipswich Town F.C. West Bromwich Albion F.C. Philip Neville April 2005 in sports Frank Rijkaard 2005-06 in English football Ruud van Nistelrooy Rom__rio Bobby Charlton C__diz CF Sport Club Corinthians Paulista Levante UD Peter Shilton Diego Maradona Patrick Kluivert Jari Litmanen Gordon Banks Michael Laudrup National Football League Hugo S__nchez Ra__l Gonz__lez History of Arsenal F.C. Ali Daei FA Premier League 1994-95 FA Premier League Claudio Ranieri Hyde United F.C. Football records in England Bryan Robson Chelsea F.C. League Cup Football (soccer) Eric Cantona Luis Figo Zin__dine Zidane 