Effects of dipyridamole and aminophylline on hemodynamics, regional myocardial blood flow and thallium-201 washout in the setting of a critical coronary stenosis.
 Experiments were performed to characterize the interaction of intravenous dipyridamole and aminophylline on thallium-201 transport kinetics, regional myocardial blood flow and systemic hemodynamics in the presence of a critical coronary artery stenosis.
 In 12 dogs with a critical left anterior descending coronary artery stenosis, arterial pressure decreased from a mean value (+/- SEM) of 107 +/- 6 to 94 +/- 3 mm Hg (p less than 0.05) and distal left anterior descending artery pressure decreased from 70 +/- 7 to 55 +/- 4 mm Hg (p less than 0.05) after intravenous administration of dipyridamole (0.25 mg/kg body weight).
 In the left anterior descending perfusion zone, the endocardial/epicardial flow ratio decreased from 0.70 to 0.36 and the intrinsic thallium washout rate was significantly prolonged.
 Intravenous aminophylline (5 mg/kg) reversed the dipyridamole-induced systemic hypotension and transmural coronary steal and restored the thallium washout rate to baseline values.
 In six other dogs, aminophylline alone resulted in no alterations in systemic and coronary hemodynamics or regional myocardial blood flow.
 As expected, dipyridamole-induced vasodilation and coronary steal were prevented by aminophylline pretreatment.
 These data show that in a canine model of partial coronary stenosis, systemic hypotension, adverse regional flow effects (coronary steal) and prolonged thallium-201 washout consequent to intravenously administered dipyridamole are promptly reversed by intravenous aminophylline administration.
 Aminophylline alone had no significant hemodynamic and coronary flow effects.
 This study provides further insight into the altered thallium kinetics occurring as a consequence of dipyridamole-induced vasodilation and suggests that the prompt reversal of symptoms and signs of ischemia with aminophylline in patients receiving intravenous dipyridamole for clinical imaging studies probably reflects the reversal of transmural coronary steal.
