Injuries of the external ear.
 Ear injuries occur in people of all ages but predominate in active people such as wrestlers, boxers, and bike riders.
 The types and extent of injury are a function of the force causing the injury.
 Shearing forces of moderate intensity cause hematoma formation, whereas greater force causes lacerations or even amputation.
 Sharp objects cause lacerations determined by the force, direction, and point of impact.
 The high ratio of surface area to mass makes the auricle vulnerable to extremes of temperature.
 People participating in high-risk activities should wear protective headgear.
 The goal of treatment is to restore the normal contours while preventing infection.
 Hematoma results in disfigurement by organization or chondritis.
 Evacuation and pressure dressings using sterile technique correct the condition.
 Second-degree burns are treated by regular cleansing and application of topical antimicrobials.
 Deeper burns require debridement, biologic dressings, or burying the cartilage subcutaneously for later reconstruction.
 Simple lacerations are closed under aseptic technique using either skin-to-skin sutures only or sutures of the skin combined with intercartilage sutures.
 Extensive and complex lacerations require meticulous care to match all fragments and prevent infection or loss of tissue.
 Bare cartilage must be covered with vascularized tissue.
 The treatment of total amputation is controversial.
 Some advocate reattachment as a composite graft using intravenous low molecular weight dextrans and heparin as adjuvants.
 Mladick dermabrades the amputated pinna, reattaches it with sutures, and then slips it into a pocket of elevated postauricular skin for 2 weeks.
 Others urge microvascular reanastomosis of the small nutrient vessels.
 Brent and Byrd separate the cartilage from its overlying skin and envelope it first with vascularized temporoparietal fascia and then a split-thickness skin graft.
 Chondritis is the most feared complication of injury or surgery of the pinna.
 It is an aggressive process, and prompt removal of pus and necrotic cartilage is required.
 Exteriorization and removal of all cartilage is effective but disfiguring.
 Removal of only affected cartilage and constant irrigation with antibiotic solutions is effective but requires prolonged hospitalization.
 Iontophoresis of antibiotics into the auricle may be effective and conserve tissue.
 Traumatic deformities are corrected with composite grafts from the opposite ear, costal cartilage, and local pedicled flaps.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
