Molecular mechanisms of tubulointerstitial hypertrophy and hyperplasia.
 Adult kidneys, which are principally composed of tubulointerstitium, do not normally regenerate or expand their working pool of functional cells at a very high rate.
 Loss of kidney tissue, however, can lead to some compensatory renal enlargement.
 The catalytic forces initiating such exchanges have not been fully articulated by current experimental endeavors.
 Increasing evidence, nevertheless, does suggest that factors other than simple changes in renal hemodynamics may be involved in this process.
 Different cellular elements in the tubulointerstitial microenvironment probably modulate changes in tubular enlargement or size through a complex cytokine network.
 Autocrine and paracrine stimulation of enlargement by different local growth factors also seem to play a pivotal role.
 After binding to cellular receptors, these factors activate signal transduction pathways resulting in expression of immediate early genes, which by themselves can synchronize the expression of subsequent genes through the medium of transacting factors.
 The renal enlargement response can also be modified by endocrine hormones that can activate such genes directly and/or stimulate other adjunctive processes, like receptor expression for the regional binding of growth factors.
 Furthermore, renal enlargement is under negative feedback of inhibitory factors like TGF beta.
 It is possible, for example, that special genes exist which are only expressed to arrest enlargement.
 It has been further suggested that activation of the Na+/H+ antiporter is a common denominator in renal enlargement.
 Recent findings, however, indicate that the activation of this antiporter is not always necessary, and might rather be a parallel event rather than a key phenomena in tubular enlargement.
 G0/G1 transition of tubular cells seems to involve similar factors in tubular hypertrophy and hyperplasia.
 The factors which are responsible for the final determination of the enlargement pattern (hypertrophy vs.
 proliferation) are unknown.
 The separation between hypertrophy and hyperplasia, although suggested by striking differences in cellular regulation, may be somewhat artificial, since responses leading to tubular enlargement also exist in circumstances where hyperplasia and hypertrophy are combined events.
 Recently it has been proposed that growth factors stimulate gluconeogenesis in proximal tubular cells producing hyperplasia, whereas factors inhibiting gluconeogenesis might induce hypertrophy.
 Whether the common pathway message of this intriguing hypothesis is correct still requires further validation.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
