Maintenance therapy with sucralfate in duodenal ulcer: genuine prevention or accelerated healing of ulcer recurrence?
 We sought to compare the efficacy of sucralfate to placebo for the prevention of duodenal ulcer recurrence and to determine that the efficacy of sucralfate was due to a true reduction in ulcer prevalence and not due to secondary effects such as analgesic activity or accelerated healing.
 This was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel groups, multicenter clinical study with 254 patients.
 All patients had a past history of at least two duodenal ulcers with at least one ulcer diagnosed by endoscopic examination 3 months or less before the start of the study.
 Complete ulcer healing without erosions was required to enter the study.
 Sucralfate or placebo were dosed as a 1-g tablet twice a day for 4 months, or until ulcer recurrence.
 Endoscopic examinations once a month and when symptoms developed determined the presence or absence of duodenal ulcers.
 If a patient developed an ulcer between monthly scheduled visits, the patient was dosed with a 1-g sucralfate tablet twice a day until the next scheduled visit.
 Statistical analyses of the results determined the efficacy of sucralfate compared with placebo for preventing duodenal ulcer recurrence.
 Comparisons of therapeutic agents for preventing duodenal ulcers have usually been made by testing for statistical differences in the cumulative rates for all ulcers developed during a follow-up period, regardless of the time of detection.
 Statistical experts at the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and on the FDA Advisory Panel expressed doubts about clinical study results based on this type of analysis.
 They suggested three possible mechanisms for reducing the number of observed ulcers: (a) analgesic effects, (b) accelerated healing, and (c) true ulcer prevention.
 Traditional ulcer analysis could miss recurring ulcers due to an analgesic effect or accelerated healing.
 Point-prevalence analysis could miss recurring ulcers due to accelerated healing between endoscopic examinations.
 Maximum ulcer analyses, a novel statistical method, eliminated analgesic effects by regularly scheduled endoscopies and accelerated healing of recurring ulcers by frequent endoscopies and an open-label phase.
 Maximum ulcer analysis reflects true ulcer recurrence and prevention.
 Sucralfate was significantly superior to placebo in reducing ulcer prevalence by all analyses.
 Significance (p less than 0.05) was found at months 3 and 4 for all analyses.
 All months were significant in the traditional analysis, months 2-4 in point-prevalence analysis, and months 3-4 in the maximal ulcer prevalence analysis.
 Sucralfate was shown to be effective for the prevention of duodenal ulcer recurrence by a true reduction in new ulcer development.
