Temporarily implanted urethral coil stent for the treatment of recurrent urethral strictures: a preliminary report.
 A new urethral stent developed for use in recurrent urethral strictures is presented.
 This metallic coil is self-expanding when released from its introducing catheter.
 The stent was used in 18 patients with recurrent strictures necessitating frequent dilation or urethrotomy.
 The stent is introduced under fluoroscopic guidance after internal urethrotomy or simple dilation.
 Strictures of 5 to 60 mm.
 were treated successfully with this device.
 All strictures were distal to the external sphincter.
 No serious complications attributed to the device were recorded.
 When necessary, the stent could be repositioned either under fluoroscopic control or endoscopically.
 This device can hold the stenotic area of the urethra open for long intervals allowing for complete healing.
 Even after 6 months the stent is not covered with urethral epithelium and does not become incorporated into the urethral wall.
 It can be removed easily without an operation by simple manipulation.
 The large internal caliber permits passage of endoscopes up to 17F in patients who require cystoscopy.
 The device can be removed before transurethral resections and then a new stent can be inserted at the end of the procedure.
 Mean followup of our patients with the stent indwelling was 8 months (range 4 to 11 months).
 Followup after removal of the stent (6 patients) was 3 to 8 months (mean 5 months).
 The patients voided well during followup and were fully continent.
 No incrustations were noted in the removed stents even after 6 months and no stent became obstructed due to tissue proliferation or incrustation.
 In 1 patient the stricture recurred after 3 months and a new stent was inserted.
 Urine sterilization was obtained in 7 patients with infected urine after relatively short courses of antibiotics.
 This stent seems to be a promising tool for the nonoperative treatment of recurrent urethral strictures.
