riddle puzzle points movie actress first name has letters second name has type of fruit like nectarines hut have ffurry skiin female actress plays candice in corrie kaiba's brother in yu gi oh animation series country in world b l v a work out the answers to all questions first to do it gets points angelina jolie peaches nikki sanderson mokuba sp bolivia Mokuba Kaiba Duelist Kingdom Yu-Gi-Oh! main characters Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Seto Kaiba Yu-Gi-Oh! anime, manga or movie only characters Angelina Jolie Virtual Realm Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Waking the Dragons Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) Peach Yu-Gi-Oh! R Noah Kaiba Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Riddle Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series anime) Blue-Eyes White Dragon Luther Burbank Lara Croft: Tomb Raider Candice Bergen Ryo Bakura Drupe Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Lara Croft Wheel of Fortune Julia Roberts FHM 100 Sexiest Women in the World 2005 Jackpot (game show) Crossword Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress Maximillion Pegasus Alister (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Actor Gry 2004 Golden Raspberry Awards Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow Tomb Raider Lesbian Riddler Angel Locsin One Piece Little Britain The Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything Bolivia Brad Pitt Hackers (film) Apricot Helen Hunt Luigi KaDee Strickland Billy Bob Thornton Voice actor Football World Cup 2006 (qualification CONMEBOL) The Winged Dragon of Ra Duel Disk Hogwarts Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life Fruit tree propagation E-Reader You Don't Know Jack $ale of the Century Fruit Candice Michelle Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Millennium Items Winona Ryder Keira Knightley Anglo-Saxon literature Copa Libertadores de Am__rica Seiy__ 2002 Golden Raspberry Awards Obelisk the Tormentor Refrigerator car Microsoft Puzzle Hunt Charades Crash Bandicoot Emmy Award MIT Mystery Hunt 2001 Golden Raspberry Awards Pornographic actor Shark Tale Seramyu Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom Break the Bank Big Brother UK series 6 Scream 3 Password (game) Stunt Mario Hilary Duff Scrabble (game show) Sugoroku Mutou Hollywood Forever Cemetery Swami Vivekananda 