will the future will be better tomorrow ahh a dan quayle quote i miss the days when the vice president was dumb and the president was smart now it's the other way around will the future be better i would have to say without a doubt the future will Dan Quayle U.S. presidential election, 1988 Lloyd Bentsen Vice President of the United States Bill Kristol U.S. presidential election, 2000 Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Read my lips: no new taxes U.S. presidential election, 1992 Henry Hyde Dan Rather The Day After Tomorrow Characters in the Southern Victory series Precision-guided munition Project for the New American Century Tomorrow Candice Bergen Richard Nixon Pat Nixon Innocence: Ghost in the Shell George H. W. Bush Plame affair Republican Party (United States) Spanish verbs Thomas Stafford Doonesbury Tom DeLay Blade Runner Josiah Bartlet 2004 Republican National Convention Acting President of the United States Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In DePauw University My Fellow Americans Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide U.S. presidential primaries, 2000 Gorillaz Theodore Roosevelt John Woo Karl Rove Bob McEwen Wu-Tang Clan affiliates George W. Bush military service controversy Subjunctive mood Poison (band) Vice President Enthymeme 1992 Republican National Convention Erwin Rommel President of the United States Chen Shui-bian Ticket balance OpenDocument Harry S. Truman James Stockdale Bertie Ahern Lien Chan Venezuelan recall referendum, 2004 Judge Judy U.S. presidential election, 2008 Al Gore Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Baby boomer Time Trax Apostrophe (mark) Dumb & Dumber Future-Drama President of Germany Killian documents Thomas Jefferson Council on Foreign Relations Condoleezza Rice Global cooling Quotation mark Katie Holmes I Am Furious Yellow The Onion 2004 Democratic National Convention Boyz II Men Robert A. Heinlein United States presidential line of succession Casting vote End times Hillary Rodham Clinton Batman Beyond RoboCop The Wizard of Oz (1939 film) Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Pandora Tomorrow George Wallace Ravi Shastri Yogiisms ROC presidential election, 2004 George Q. Cannon Capitol Steps Steely Dan Paul Kagame Eric Bischoff DirecTV Upstairs, Downstairs Murphy Brown 