who's your sunshine on a cloudy day what a lame question i know gah and i'm an idiot i asked this question twice my baby sister and two nieces i have a picture of them on my zune mp player and it is set as the wallpaper so every time i turn it on they are the first thing i see they inspire me to keep doing what i'm doing i love them so much Trigun Beatles for Sale Luther Vandross Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Euphemism Sharon Tate Knots Landing FoxTrot Super Mario 128 Humphrey Bogart Computer wallpaper Forrest Gump Origin belief The Ashlee Simpson Show Jon Secada Love and Theft Maurice Richard Animal Crossing Gosei Sentai Dairanger Whose Line Is It Anyway? Le Malade imaginaire Have I Got News For You Babylon 5 Jennifer Lopez Blood on the Tracks Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an B3ta Green Day Charmed M.C. Escher What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film) History of As the World Turns (2000-present) Episodes of Lost (Season 1) Wallpaper* Kodocha Swami Vivekananda Mario EastEnders Joy Division (band) Katharine Hepburn Alice Liddell Marguerite Henry Super Mario 64 Another World (TV series) Milton H. Erickson Dead Like Me 2005 trial of Michael Jackson Advance Wars: Dual Strike Hiberno-English Boy Meets World Wallpaper Paradox Arthur Machen Smallville (Season 4) I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue Samuel Goldwyn Tiny Toon Adventures Yoshi Super Mario Bros. television series Bringing It All Back Home Time Out of Mind Resent and the April Sunshine Shed Good Morning, Vietnam Our Gang The Beatles discography American Psycho Timpani McMug Disco Donovan Do the Right Thing Kenny Rogers Philosophy Freddy Fender Care Bears Wild Card (show) Current teachings of Prem Rawat Sex and the City Series finale Eugene Wigner Empire Burlesque One Life to Live Pope John Paul I SingStar Single certification Incest Night (book) Climate of the United Kingdom The Supremes .hack//INFECTION The Temptations Salad Fingers The Dentist Hollywood Squares Welcome to Pia Carrot The McGuire Sisters Love. Angel. Music. Baby. Wheel of Fortune Gwen Stefani Mario Kart: Double Dash!! 