would you cheat the irs if ya knew the irs was cheating you well here's a newsflash for you the fox is guarding the hen house good nite and good luck years with the irs collection division a big no dont ever cheat the irs man thats one department you dont want to fool around with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Tax protester Oswald the Lucky Rabbit W. C. Fields FairTax Confidence trick Homestar Runner Relative clause Poker jargon Indian Space Research Organisation Tom DeLay Gifted Education Programme (Singapore) Taxation in the United States Atomic Kitten Guilds of Ankh-Morpork Craps H-1B visa United States Air Force Academy Nickelodeon (TV channel) United States Department of the Treasury Mike Rotunda USS Fox (DD-234) Henry David Thoreau Trapped in the Closet Kimberly-Clark Corporation Civil engineering and infrastructure repair in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina 401(k) 457 plan V.F.D. Humphrey Bogart RuneScape Mini-Games Montgomery Burns The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll Animal Crossing Cheating in Counter-Strike Tax Benny Hinn 2005 Philippine electoral crisis Zero-knowledge proof Stan Ridgway Pok__mon (video games) GoldenEye 007 Diablo II: Lord of Destruction Variable universal life insurance Juno Awards of 2004 Age of Empires Five Dock, New South Wales Destiny Mr. T Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Acadian French Ferengi Super Smash Bros. Melee Richard Rahl Incarnations of Immortality Cheating in poker Scientology Patrick Star Maury United States Coast Guard Bob Jones University DDRMAX2: Dance Dance Revolution Radio Yerevan Ted DiBiase Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 Adultery United States v. LaRouche Bobby's World Online casino Yu-Gi-Oh! anime and manga characters Hip hop collaborations Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas House, M.D. Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Mike Piazza Tina Turner New York Knicks Damita Jo Bleed American Big East Conference Jennifer Lopez Anarchist economics USS Sea Fox (SS-402) Nancy Witcher Astor Discworld Baldur's Gate series Mireille Mathieu Troms__ I.L. The Who discography Johnny Moss Rick Ross Pennsylvania General Assembly 7 World Trade Center Altruism Myzery Card game Polyamory Pittsburgh Steelers Knoppix Genitorturers 