i need mysapce help you know how they have seperate categories to put stuff like music heroes who i'd like to meet etc well some of my friends have special ones the they can say whatever they want like videogames or friends how do i do that this is the code td tr table td tr table br table bordercolor ffcc cellspacing cellpadding width bgcolor ffcc border tr td class text valign center align left width bgcolor ffcc height wrap style word wrap break word span class orangetext your custom heading span td tr tr td table bordercolor cellspacing cellpadding width align center bgcolor ffffff border tr td valign top align left width bgcolor ffffff style word wrap break word custom content goes here add whatever you want Magicland Dizzy Crystal Kingdom Dizzy Dizzy - The Ultimate Cartoon Adventure The Excellent Dizzy Collection Dizzy Prince of the Yolkfolk Treasure Island Dizzy Jennifer Lopez Fantastic Dizzy Brossard, Quebec LLRV RollerCoaster Tycoon Dizzy series HTML element Video game console Secret of Mana Cascading Style Sheets International Space Station Dead or Alive (video game) Pasto Maccabi Petach Tikva FC EIA-708 Stairway A.S. Bari Geologic time scale RCD Espanyol Carleton University St. Louis Cardinals Torino F.C. Lokomotiv Moscow New South Wales Queensland Sonic Adventure 2 Red Star Belgrade Chicago Cubs Seattle Mariners Boston Red Sox New York Mets Metal Gear Solid: VR Missions Blackburn Rovers F.C. Brescia Calcio Bologna F.C. 1909 Vicenza Calcio Angola Sodium chloride Atalanta B.C. Neverwinter Nights H__chst (Frankfurt am Main) U.S. Cremonese U.S. Triestina Calcio Fulham F.C. Roger Federer Jr. Pac Man Dai shogi Calcio Catania A.C. Mantova U.C. Albinoleffe Final Fantasy X-2 Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Detroit Tigers Super Mario Bros. 3 Hangul America West Express Super Mario remake series University of Ottawa Half-Life 2 Cathay Pacific Diablo II Final Fantasy V Quotation mark Legend of Mana Kansas City Royals Objective-C Final Fantasy Legend MegaMan Battle Network (video game) Neringa municipality Tampa Bay Devil Rays Wigan Athletic F.C. Hellas Verona F.C. Resident Evil 4 Ichiro Suzuki Metroid Prime 2: Echoes Var__na district municipality Algonquin College Welcome to Pia Carrot Arab Royal Brunei Civilization IV Milwaukee Brewers North Korea Toronto Blue Jays Cleveland Indians Jason Akermanis EverQuest II Klonoa Heroes: Legend of the Star Medal Maniac Mansion Philadelphia Phillies West Bromwich Albion F.C. MegaMan Battle Network 2 Tetrahydrofuran 