which is the worst a kerfuffle an ado a panic or a tizzy my gosh cant you see there all one of the same however panic is something i can say i want no part of as for tizzy i believe its just a scare tactic just to put you in a some kind of a panic stage so i would be more inclined to panic and this is what we shouldnt show as what is thought of in fear can certainly bring it on cant we just live in harmony Democratic Party (United States) President of the United States Clint Eastwood U.S. presidential election, 2000 George W. Bush Raiders of the Lost Ark Acting President of the United States Morse Code Donald Rumsfeld Ralph Nader George H. W. Bush Gerald Ford U.S. presidential election, 1988 Republican Party (United States) Reagan Administration Ronald Reagan 2004 Democratic National Convention U.S. Electoral College Bill Clinton History of the United States (1988-present) Plame affair Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Hillary Rodham Clinton Jimmy Carter The Time Machine 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Wheel of Fortune Dixville Notch, New Hampshire Autograph USA PATRIOT Act Al Gore Bush v. Gore Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport New Hampshire primary U.S. presidential election debates Same-sex marriage in the United States Vice President of the United States Cindy Sheehan Bill O'Reilly (commentator) Lyndon LaRouche Pat Buchanan Warren G. Harding Jean Schmidt Bush family conspiracy theory Linked list The Curse of Fenric Massachusetts Institute of Technology Ten Commandments William Rehnquist U.S. presidential election, 2008 The Daily Show Another Side of Bob Dylan Fred Phelps 2004 Republican National Convention Tag Western (genre) Air Force One Grand Theft Auto III Looney Tunes: Back In Action Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Supreme Court of the United States Spira Back to the Future timeline Telegraphy Barry Goldwater Sandra Day O'Connor 1980s Anthony Kennedy Number of the Beast (numerology) War on Terrorism American Civil Liberties Union U.S. presidential election, 1992 Telephone numbering plan Southern United States Scarlet's Walk Nuclear option (filibuster) Tariff Delta Air Lines Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Death and state funeral of Ronald Reagan The Dark Tower (series) Swift Vets and POWs for Truth Dormitory Ohio second congressional district election, 2005 Karl Rove William Penn AFI 100 Years series Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact Boston Red Sox Euro Warner Bros. Rosa Parks Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Muammar al-Qaddafi 