what does reach for the sky pocahontas mean some guy told me this reach for the sky pocahontas what does it mean i think it means you should try your best to reach your goals despite the obstacles along the way it's worth it in the end like how pocahontas save her tribe and land from harm Donkey Kong (arcade game) Donkey Kong Country Donkey Kong Donkey Kong Jungle Beat Donkey Kong 64 Donkey Kong 3 Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest Diddy Kong Boss (video games) Donkey Kong Junior Rare (video game company) Atari Nintendo Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble! Trilogy Donkey Kong Land Donkey Kong Land III Pauline Donkey Kong Country (TV series) Donkey Kong Land 2 Nintendo Power Donkey Kong (Game Boy game) Shigeru Miyamoto Platform game Mario vs. Donkey Kong Donkey Konga Super Smash Bros. Super Smash Bros. Melee King K. Rool Nintendo GameCube Kremling Krew Video game music Donkey Konga 3 Cranky Kong Dixie Kong Nintendo 64 Diddy Kong Racing Mario E-Reader Donkey Kong Island David Wise Colecovision True Crime: Streets of LA Banjo-Kazooie Mario Kart: Double Dash!! Video game character Banjo-Pilot Donkey Kong's Animal Buddies Super Mario Bros. television series Game Boy Color Commodore 64 Shrek Game Critics Awards Computer and video game genres Mario Kart 64 Arcade game Hip hop collaborations Donkey Mario Kart Nintendo Revolution Game & Watch Gallery Minigame Similarities between the Bible and the Qur'an Cheung Kong Holdings Sonic Blast Nintendo Vs. Series Namco DK King of Swing Atari 7800 The Daily Show Spike (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) Golden Age of Arcade Games Classic NES Series Kong in Concert Damsel in distress Video game controversy Super Mario 128 Atari 2600 Video game console History of video games (16-bit era) Max Payne Mario Superstar Baseball Banjo-Tooie Punch-Out!! Game & Watch Gallery 4 Nintendo Entertainment System Mario Kart DS Intellivision Princess Peach SMTV Live It's Mr. Pants Samus Aran Philip J. Fry Game designer Radar Scope Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars Super Mario Kart Kung Fu Hustle Hip hop rivalries 