what are some sayings or phrases for i need some saying or phase for a girl's football team we need something to put on the back of our t shirts and i only have a few weeks to get any ideas please help we do what losers wont meaning that we are determined and are here to win we play smart but hard dont talk just bring it we live for the game hope u can use one of these or get ideas from them good luck Playoff Football (soccer) Atomic Kitten Bundesliga (football) National Football League The Football League Jack Charlton The Apprentice 3 Single-elimination tournament New York Giants England national rugby union team Paul Ince 1986 World Series Newcastle United F.C. Extreme Programming Cleveland Browns Super Bowl American Football League Playoff format 1957 World Series Luck Kevin Keegan Battle City (Yu-Gi-Oh!) Gordon Banks Arsenal F.C. Sydney Riot of 1879 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. FC Barcelona American football SmartAsk Alex Ferguson Association of Tennis Professionals Singlish West Bromwich Albion F.C. Kasparov versus The World Predestination FA Cup FC Rostov Wheel of Fortune Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Hikaru no Go Cincinnati Bengals Bristol Rugby Football World Cup 1990 San Francisco 49ers Cork City F.C. Glossary of American football Pittsburgh Steelers Game show Washington State University Super Bowl XIV Press Your Luck Animal Crossing Blackburn Rovers F.C. Elizabeth Smart kidnapping Gambling Memorial Stadium, Clemson 2000 Australian Grand Prix The Contender (television series) All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Rugby union Karma Iron Bowl Norway national football team Bowl Championship Series College football Tournament Viv Anderson Ron and Fez Minnesota Vikings Marching band Charlie Brown Kansas City Chiefs Australian rules football Super Bowl I Pyramid (game show) Troms__ I.L. Girls Aloud Doug Flutie New England Patriots Cheating in poker Baltimore Ravens Steve Hodge Round-robin tournament Rugby union positions Canadian Football League Leeds United F.C. Bangor City F.C. Dodgeball Denver Broncos Major League Baseball television contracts Monday Night Football Super Bowl XXXVI Hearts (game) Tommy Smith Baseball Stars New York Jets Backgammon National Hockey League All-Star Game 