any school in ontario offering aeronautical engineering aeronautical engineering school in ontario i've never heard of aeronautical but if its anything like aerospace i've found carleton and toronto Aerospace engineering Seneca College Carleton University University of Toronto Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Purdue University Laurentian University Hindustan Aeronautics Ryerson University Florida Institute of Technology __cole Nationale Sup__rieure de l'A__ronautique et de l'Espace Engineering society Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency Queen's University York University Ontario College of Art & Design Australian Defence Force Academy Canadian Interuniversity Sport Ottawa Elsie MacGill National Aeronautics and Space Administration John C. Turmel Northern Ontario Susan J. Helms McMaster University Michael Griffin Royal Aeronautical Society Matra TVA (television network) Progressive Conservative candidates, 2003 Ontario provincial election Dafydd Williams Engineering physics Paul MacCready University of Tennessee Space Institute Ryan Aeronautical Company F-16 Fighting Falcon Winston E. Scott Richmond, Ontario Bjarni Tryggvason Reach for the Top Robert Thirsk Carleton Place, Ontario Wilfrid Laurier University Ontario Stephen Robinson Cambridge, Ontario Canadian Federation of Students Test pilot University of Western Ontario Newmarket, Ontario Peterborough, Ontario Aircraft Bryan D. O'Connor Alfred Worden Barrie, Ontario Sidney Camm Exurb Trent University Etobicoke, Ontario Georgia Institute of Technology Technion Engineering Burlington, Ontario Adams Mine Space exploration Carleton County, Ontario Norman Ralph Augustine Oakville, Ontario Guelph, Ontario London, Ontario Timmins, Ontario EADS Argentine Air Force Thunder Bay, Ontario Kenneth S. Reightler, Jr. Aurora, Ontario John M. Fabian Thornhill, Ontario Brock University George Low John E. Blaha Theodore Freeman British Aerospace Green Party candidates, 2004 Canadian federal election Brantford, Ontario George Drew Ontario Superior Court of Justice University of Ontario Institute of Technology Arizona State University University of Guelph Hamilton, Ontario King City, Ontario New Democratic Party candidates, 2003 Ontario provincial election Aerodynamics Vance D. Brand William H. Dana Ontario general election, 2007 Lake Ontario Swept wing 