what are the advantages of an aeronautical engineering graduate to being an airline pilot i'm currently taking up bs aeronautical engineering with plans of training to be a pilot someday i would just like to ask what would be my edge in becoming a pilot do i need to take up any special courses to know anything about air transportation management or any field that would help me about the same advantages a degree in automotive engineering would be to a taxi driver it is a different story if you plan on becoming a test pilot you can also consider a trainer's activity flight simulation and such Flight simulator Aircraft Pilot certification in the United States Civil Air Patrol Fixed-wing aircraft Boeing 747 Jimmy Doolittle Ellison Onizuka Aerospace engineering Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Air Education and Training Command Vietnam Airlines Bryan D. O'Connor Richard A. Searfoss Airport Vance D. Brand Susan J. Helms Test pilot Robert F. Overmyer Thomas Stafford Indian Air Force Theodore Freeman U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School Frederick Hauck Hong Kong International Airport Kenneth D. Cameron Air safety Gliding Paragliding Dryden Flight Research Center National Aeronautics and Space Administration Mark L. Polansky Steven W. Lindsey Simulation Messerschmitt Bf 109 Federal Aviation Administration Purdue University Sidney M. Gutierrez United States Air Force Academy Gerald P. Carr Engineering Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association Jean-Loup Chr__tien P-38 Lightning Robert L. Gibson Naval Air Station Pensacola Automobile B-47 Stratojet Naval Station Norfolk Aircraft flight control systems Edward Fincke U.S. government role in civil aviation General aviation John E. Blaha Charles Moss Duke, Jr. Airbus A380 Ronald M. Sega Boeing 777 Lockheed U-2 James C. Adamson Airline Reliability engineering Trainer (aircraft) Messerschmitt Me 262 VHF omnidirectional range Piedmont Triad International Airport Short Sunderland United Airlines Boeing 737 Story Musgrave STS-62 STS-107 F-16 Fighting Falcon Kenneth S. Reightler, Jr. L__opold Eyharts David Leestma Santos-Dumont 14-bis SR-71 Blackbird F-104 Starfighter Eddie August Schneider Hanscom Air Force Base Messerschmitt Me 163 Kent Rominger Michael A. Baker Bjarni Tryggvason Air traffic controller Airbus A320 International Civil Aviation Organization Taxicab P-61 Black Widow Concorde Tenerife disaster Civil engineering Steven R. Nagel Charles J. Precourt Carl J. Meade Model aircraft Planning and execution of the September 11, 2001 attacks Henry Hartsfield Jeffrey A. Hoffman 