hey can nyone tel me like which is the best university for uk to appy for msc in automotive engg i have got the i for universities but i m not able to final it can nyone help me out the universities are coventry university university of bradford kingston university university of hertfordshire please do let me knw if ny other university is better than these ones there are several university league tables in the uk try looking at the times one http www timesonline co uk tol life and style education good university guide or the guardian one http education guardian co uk universityguide html HyperText Transfer Protocol Kingston University Web server Master's degree League Tables of British Universities Uniform Resource Locator World Wide Web Coventry City F.C. University of Hertfordshire New Universities HTML FA Premier League 2000-01 Association of Commonwealth Universities HTML element Character encodings in HTML Unicode and HTML FA Cup Vaud University of Kansas KNWS-TV Representational State Transfer University of Bradford Website Uniform Resource Identifier Web browser Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Indian Institute of Science Super League (Europe) ONS coding system Wget University of Warwick Districts of Switzerland British National Party F.C. United of Manchester West Bromwich Albion F.C. Gopher protocol Tranmere Rovers F.C. Hellenic Navy Hull Kingston Rovers The Guardian Institute of technology Quotation mark Andrew Adonis, Baron Adonis Bradford Bulls Cascading Style Sheets University of Oxford Cass Business School, London Micky Adams Houston Astros HTTP cookie 2005 English cricket season Slash (punctuation) Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. British universities Coventry Tennessee Chris Waddle University of Sydney Virtual hosting Chester County, Pennsylvania Guardians of the Universe JavaServer Pages Pozna__ The Times Coventry Climax Leeds Web traffic SAML Swiss plateau Web cache Internet Redcliffe-Maud Report September 2004 in sports Maccabi Tel-Aviv (basketball) Bumiputra College and university rankings WebDAV Ecclesiastical Latin Tel Aviv Downing Street memo Style guide October 2004 in sports Reggae Crystal Palace F.C. Torquay United F.C. Tel Aviv University Bradford City A.F.C. Ipswich Town F.C. Watford F.C. Cross site scripting 2001-02 in English football Israel Morocco GameFAQs School of Oriental and African Studies University of Pennsylvania UEFA Common Unix Printing System Squid cache John Bright 