what is this 'tribadism' thing i keep reading about in feminist literature it keeps being mentioned like it's self explanatory well i don't know what it is what is it germaine greer complains about how difficult it was to learn for her that was the last place i saw it apart from that a few other places doh obviously reads one book per thirty years waswisgirl once again you the feminist lesbian are lecturing me on how feminists are not lesbians it's in feminist literature i've already given one example now i'm sure there's some feminists someone you'd like to practice tribadism on i suggest spaxinus she's around your age old off you go http en wikipedia org wiki tribadism very interesting of course you already knew this that's why you posted it interesting that they would mention that is it really common or did you find it in just a few books Germaine Greer Feminism Human sexual behavior Tribadism Second-wave feminism Lesbian Sex-positive feminism Philosophy of language The Best Page in the Universe Jacques Lacan Feminist movement History of feminism Tao Te Ching Biblical canon Gender-neutral language Rabbi Deconstruction Gender role Uniform Resource Locator Slashdot subculture Friends Internet troll Transcendentalism Postmodernism Plame affair Women in Islam Susan McClary Homosexuality and transgender Feminist literary criticism Andrea Dworkin Mary Wollstonecraft Esperanto as an international language Neopaganism History of women in the United States Power (sociology) H. G. Wells Biology and sexual orientation Literary criticism Walter J. Ong Australian literature Unitarian Universalism Zsuzsanna Budapest Effeminacy Patrick Califia Bisexuality Jews as a chosen people Socrates Androgen insensitivity syndrome Crime fiction Milton H. Erickson Ex-gay God and gender Gertrude Stein Wiki Frederick Douglass Open access J. R. R. Tolkien Laura Schlessinger Ideology Jorge Luis Borges Scissor Sisters Sabbath The Lord of the Rings Asperger syndrome Age of consent Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel LGBT Human sexuality Cerebus the Aardvark D. H. Lawrence New Testament Ethics Childfree Sexuality and gender identity-based cultures Louis MacNeice Gender Slashdot trolling phenomena William A. Dembski Artemisia Gentileschi Infantilism Maureen Duffy HTTP cookie Richard Dawkins Women's cinema Lucid dreaming The Handmaid's Tale Sodomy law Domain Name System Strap-on dildo Lesbian feminism Transgender Literature Critical theory Women's studies Monique Wittig Dianic Wicca Liberal movements within Islam 