ladies will you be voting for hilary clinton so she can be the first female president uh no that woman is crazy i seriously think she might be a robot Hillary Rodham Clinton First Lady of the United States Bill Clinton Women's suffrage President of the United States White House Mystery Science Theater 3000 Alan Keyes Democratic Party (United States) U.S. Electoral College U.S. presidential election, 2008 Chelsea Clinton Women in the United States Senate Lewinsky scandal U.S. presidential election, 1996 Olympia Snowe Barbara Boxer Impeachment of Bill Clinton Crazy For You Nuclear option (filibuster) Hilary Duff U.S. presidential election, 1992 Laura Bush Bart to the Future Parliamentary system First Lady Monica Lewinsky Jesse Jackson Vice President of the United States K. R. Narayanan George Clinton (vice president) Congress of the United States Ann Coulter Autograph George W. Bush Freddy Fender National Rifle Association Treehouse of Horror VII Pat Buchanan Dick Morris Richard Pryor Lloyd Bentsen Clinton County, Ohio Bob Dole Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Martin Van Buren Myrna Loy Al Gore Ron and Fez Wellesley College Impeachment in the United States American Israel Public Affairs Committee U.S. Senate election, 2006 Crazy Horse 2000s Internet phenomenon Blonde on Blonde Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy Evan Bayh Bill Clinton presidential campaign, 1992 Elizabeth Morgan Rahm Emanuel U.S. presidential election, 2000 Janet Reno Gary Hart Achewood Impeachment Lucille Ball Republican Party (United States) Anne Frank Beavis and Butt-head Warren G. Harding Trinity College, Dublin Tom Tancredo Pee-wee's Playhouse Tom DeLay The Terminator International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union United States Senate Jimmy Carter Condoleezza Rice Connie Morella U.S. presidential election Gynoid New Hampshire primary Trent Lott Henry Hyde US health reform under Clinton Contract with America Chief Justice of the United States Invader Zim Federalist Party (United States) Joycelyn Elders Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 Kay Bailey Hutchison U.S. House election, 1994 Carrie Chapman Catt Robot Monster Walter Mondale Joe Lieberman 