could a convicted felon become president of the united states yes they could but in the campaign it would surely come out and they couldnt even vote for themselves Felony U.S. presidential election, 2000 Elections in the United States Florida Central Voter File U.S. presidential election Massachusetts Government President of the United States Lyndon LaRouche U.S. Presidential campaigns Katherine Harris United States Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Three strikes law Election National Rifle Association United States House of Representatives Pardon United States Senate Congress of the United States Al Gore Peace and Freedom Party (United States) Jeb Bush 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, vote suppression Impeachment in the United States Article Two of the United States Constitution Third party (United States) Politics of the United States Pat Buchanan 2004 U.S. election voting controversies Chief Justice of the United States Greg Palast ChoicePoint Impeachment Leonard Peltier 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, voting machines Carl Schurz U.S. presidential election, 1996 U.S. presidential election, 1828 U.S. presidential election, 1860 Barbara Boxer Firearm case law Democratic Party (United States) Andrew Johnson Michael Badnarik Bulletproof vest Christine Gregoire Voter turnout Green Party (United States) Article One of the United States Constitution Republican Party (United States) Progressive Party (United States) U.S. presidential election, 1844 History of the United States (1789-1849) Benjamin Franklin Butler (politician) Separation of powers under the United States Constitution Watergate scandal First Amendment to the United States Constitution U.S. presidential election, 1960 Dick Cheney Vice President of the United States Edmund Muskie Gay rights Voter suppression James K. Polk Warren G. Harding Fermanagh and South Tyrone (UK Parliament constituency) President of India U.S. presidential election, 2004 History of the United States Senate Supreme Court of the United States Conscription in the United States 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities Martin J. O'Malley U.S. presidential election, 1984 U.S. Electoral College Pedro Rossell__ United States Constitution Norfolk Island Jim Guy Tucker Plain Meaning Rule Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution Pete Wilson Parole Willie Horton United States v. Stewart Arkansas Martha Stewart Teamsters Michael Dukakis Mikhail Khodorkovsky Frederick T. Frelinghuysen George Allen (politician) Suffrage Lyndon B. Johnson Elections in the United Kingdom Maria Cantwell U.S. presidential election, 1976 Action d__mocratique du Qu__bec U.S. presidential election, 1824 Gun politics in the United States 