am i in a bubble with my boyfriend so we've been dating for over a year we met at college i don't know his friends really that well because i don't have much in common with his friends he hangs out with his friends from high school all of them are guys and they're all really into cars and things like that i don't have a problem with that at all it's just when they get together they get together and play video games or work on cars so something that i wouldn't intrude on which i dont have a problem with either we don't really have any mutual friends my friends from high school all go to other schools and the ones that are there seem to be really into partying and guy crazy so he doesn't really like me to go out to those parties which is understandable i was just wondering if it's normal to be only into each other or should we have common friends as well we're both really shy people his friends are all guys and mine are all girls how do you make mutual friends is it ok to not have them my husband i are mostly just into each other we have a couple mutual couple friends and a few his friends my friends i don't think it's a big deal right now for you not to have mutual friends that will come in time as you develop common interests meet other people involved in those interests as long as you are ok with him hanging out with his friends and he is ok with you hanging out with our friends without each other once in awhile you're fine everyone has different opinions and their own ideas of how people should live their lives but the truth is only your opinion matters when it comes to your life have fun The Ashlee Simpson Show Undergrads Humphrey Bogart Friends Theory of conduct Social rule Avenue Q Married... with Children Contract Interpersonal relationship One Tree Hill (TV series) Jon Secada Little Britain Saved by the Bell The Life and Times of Juniper Lee The Emancipation of Mimi Polyamory Scarlet's Walk Recurring South Park characters Knots Landing W. Daniel Hillis Mutual fund The O.C. Epistemology Can't Hardly Wait About a Boy Transactional analysis 50 First Dates Kyle Broflovski Wild at Heart (Buffy episode) Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle EastEnders The Pet Sounds Sessions Something Positive Trailer Park Boys Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu W.I.T.C.H. Honey and Clover Philosophy of language Teen Girl Squad Prisoner's dilemma Infantilism Sex and the City The Beach Boys Boogie Nights Max Martin Scenes from a Memory Charmed Sharon Tate Grandview, U.S.A. The Catcher in the Rye Game show Spice Girls Sid Vicious Public domain Estoppel Good Morning, Vietnam George Costanza Mario series enemies Futurama (TV series - season 2) Neighbours John Wycliffe Kender Child sexuality Jam (TV series) Citigroup Public Eye True Crime: Streets of LA Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete Jennifer Lopez FoxTrot Fire Emblem: Blazing Sword Hey Arnold! David Hume Hungarian language Cool (song) Bertrand Russell Terri Schiavo Kim Possible Coldplay Earth Girl Arjuna J. D. Salinger Friendship Ranma __ characters Anderson Cooper Pok__mon Live! R.E.M. (band) Ed, Edd n Eddy Divorce Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Nancy Witcher Astor Ludwig Wittgenstein American Dad! Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys The Lovely Bones Gwen Stefani Mac Hall 