if you live in missouri if you live in missouri can you tell me the instructions if im at perryvill tryen tno get to st louis go to expedia com look for maps driving directions then type in the address from where you are starting and the one where you want to go it will give great directions Missouri River Columbia, Missouri Perryville, Missouri Missouri Philip Sheridan Kansas City Metropolitan Area Interstate 70 New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Perry County, Missouri St. Louis County, Missouri Threaded code EMD Winton-engined switchers Missouri Pacific Railroad CPU cache Fulton, Missouri U.S. Highway 66 Great Flood of 1993 Machine language Jefferson City, Missouri Saint Louis, Missouri U.S. Highway 61 Mississippi River Chicago and North Western Railway Springfield, Missouri Motorola 68000 Missouri State University Trans-Neptunian object Missouri City, Texas Saint Charles, Missouri Missouri secession Microprogram Cape Girardeau, Missouri Joplin, Missouri Computer Festus, Missouri Branson, Missouri Price's Raid St. Louis Cardinals St. Louis Rams American Civil War University City, Missouri Interstate 72 Harley Race Interstate 55 Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod Sea of Japan naming dispute Sterling Price Booting Sedalia, Missouri St. Louis-East St. Louis Tornado Battle of Perryville Interstate 44 Midwestern United States Chesterfield, Missouri Interstate 64 Florissant, Missouri Hazelwood, Missouri Addressing mode IBM 1620 Memory-mapped I/O Perryville, Maryland Interstate 435 B. Gratz Brown 2004 World Series Sega Mega Drive/Sega Genesis New Madrid, Missouri Spirit rover timeline for 2004 March Shrines to the Virgin Mary 2005 National League Championship Series Meet Me in St. Louis Eureka, Missouri Kentucky IA-32 United Pentecostal Church Ballwin, Missouri Trans States Airlines Scattered disc RISC Braxton Bragg Doniphan County, Kansas Original Amiga chipset College soccer Interstate 270 (Illinois-Missouri) X86 assembly language St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Washington University in St. Louis PDP-11 Maryville, Missouri Poplar Bluff, Missouri Word (computer science) Elevator Mel Carnahan Branch predictor Nathaniel Lyon Franklin Pierce Postage stamps and postal history of the United States Wabash Railroad Ken Boyer Atlas Data General Nova 