which one is a good nonfiction summer reading book for th grade ap english a voice of knowledge self help personal growth a million little pieces memoir literature why don't penguins feet freeze general science plato and platypus walk into a bar philosophy linguistics what remains history politics i really want to read the self help book but im not sure if its considered nonfiction if anyone has any other suggestions to other short nonfiction books feel free to share but please noo biographies check here http www mansfieldisd org schools pdf preap ap summerreadinglist pdf and here http www opschools org highschool cfm subpage try here also http rhsweb org library summer reading htm Literature Philosophy HyperText Transfer Protocol World Wide Web Uniform Resource Locator Socrates Open access H. G. Wells HTTP cookie Education in Romania J. R. R. Tolkien Science Philosophy of language Stephen King Internet Human H.P. Lovecraft Harold Bloom Domain Name System OpenOffice.org Jorge Luis Borges Plato Thomas M. Disch JavaServer Pages Uniform Resource Identifier University of California, Irvine Jean-Jacques Rousseau Dinosaur A Course In Miracles Immanuel Kant International Phonetic Alphabet Brian Aldiss Session Initiation Protocol Reincarnation Dewey Decimal Classification CPAN Frank Herbert Domain name Mozilla Firefox Python programming language Republic (dialogue) Nicomachean Ethics Graduate school Dictionary Eric Voegelin Lisp programming language Portable Document Format Greek language Vladimir Nabokov George Lakoff Ancient Greek literature Young Earth creationism Bible Objectivist philosophy Dialect Wikipedia C. S. Lewis Wget Sexual revolution Isaac Asimov Saul Bellow Spanish language Aristotle Donna Summer Literacy Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME Social sciences Walter J. Ong Library Republicanism Harlan Ellison Unix Young adult literature Robert A. Heinlein Necronomicon Tulsa, Oklahoma Wiki David Irving African American literature Ramakrishna European Union Japanese literature Susan Sontag Apology (Plato) Milton H. Erickson Filename extension Common Unix Printing System Western philosophy Warez Logic Library of Congress Clinical depression Leo Strauss GNU/Linux naming controversy Squid cache Education in the United States Chinese University of Hong Kong PLATO 