what your points and levels do i have and want more hi platypus you can earn a badge for bragging rights the more you answer the more points best answer if you ask a question vote for the best answer that points everyday you come here points answer a question points vote on unresolved questions point ask a question lose a point remove a wquestion you asked lose points and you can read the rules in community it's like volunteering what you know have a good day Quizbowl Big Brother (USA TV series) $ale of the Century Lincoln-Douglas Debate Family Feud Wheel of Fortune Parliament of the United Kingdom GED Reach for the Top Jeopardy! Same-sex marriage in Canada Fifteen to One Ruth Bader Ginsburg Theory of conduct Science Bowl Tic-Tac-Dough Greed (game show) Equal Protection Clause Parliament of Canada Expert system The Joker's Wild SAT Green Party of Canada Miranda warning Ken Jennings Card Sharks Infant baptism Toastmasters International Judicial functions of the House of Lords Civil rights Match Game FidoNet Wesley Clark The Nameless Novel Re Secession of Quebec Monarchy in Canada Census 2004 U.S. election voting controversies, Ohio Ronald Dworkin Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe Washington gubernatorial election, 2004 Morse theory Canadian House of Commons Twenty One (game show) Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution SMTV Live Hollywood Squares Crossword Jewish humour History of Northern Ireland Abortion debate Australian legislative election, 2004 Student Congress Vote counting systems QI Federalist No. 10 Devolution Have I Got News For You Kasparov versus The World Inter-American Court of Human Rights U.S. presidential election, 2000 Whose Line Is It Anyway? English grammar Constitution of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Tom DeLay Originalism Now You See It Channel One News Trivial Pursuit Scrabble (game show) Parliament of Malaysia 2003 California recall Gertrude Stein 2004 U.S. presidential election recounts and legal challenges Supreme Court of the United States Article One of the United States Constitution The Newlywed Game Opinion poll Goodness and value theory Timeline of the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy and irregularities U.S. presidential election debates, 2004 2003 Invasion of Iraq Jacob Neusner Chuck Palahniuk The Weakest Link Break the Bank Trivia Trap Constitution of Ireland Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! Bayes' theorem Independent Media Center Cyprus dispute Scouting Apology (Plato) Politics of Quebec Family First Party H2G2 Speaker of the British House of Commons Modal logic Pok__mon Trading Card Game 